a person is riding a horse .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
two women hugging each other .
people are at a restaurant .
a man is drinking wine .
a man drinking from a fountain .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
two women hugging each other .
a football player is trying to throw the ball .
a group of students in a classroom .
two women waiting to cross the street .
a family is sitting on the beach .
people are on a train .
people waiting on a train .
a man and woman playing with a young child .
a family is sitting outside .
a couple of people are walking across the street .
a woman wearing a green shirt and green pants .
a woman in white .
a man in a white shirt is holding a sign .
a woman wearing a white shirt .
a group of people walking down a street .
a woman and a man are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two people walking across a street .
two people are walking away from a busy street .
two people walking across the street .
two people walking across a road .
a woman is standing next to a man .
a woman is walking across a street with a man and a woman in the background .
a man eating .
a woman is sitting on a street corner .
a woman is eating a hotdog .
a woman is walking down the street .
a skier goes down a rail .
a person skiing in the snow .
a skier in a red and white outfit is skiing .
a person is skiing in the snow .
a man drinking water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims toward the camera .
a man with a gray hat and green hat is driving a cart .
a man is walking with his horse in a race .
a man is walking down the street .
a dog walks through the snow .
a group of people watching a class .
a black dog is biting a red frisbee .
a man and woman walk down a street .
an old man drinking a drink at a cafe .
a group of people walking .
people walking down the street .
a group of children are sitting on the floor .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a group of bicyclists riding down the street .
a group of cyclists on a road .
a person rides a bike down the street .
bicyclists wait at the intersection at the intersection .
bicyclists wait to cross the street .
people riding bikes .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man and woman cross a street corner .
a group of people riding bikes .
people waiting on traffic .
two bicyclists ride down a road .
a group of people are riding on a bicycle .
a group of people riding bikes .
a cart full of items .
a man watches as another man watches .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a cart full of items .
a man is standing on a cart .
a man walking down the street .
a man is taking a drink of water .
a group of bikers on motorcycles .
three bicyclists are riding on a road .
a group of bicyclists are stopped .
a group of bicyclists ride through a town .
a group of people riding bikes in the street .
a man and a woman are loading a truck on a trailer .
a man is pulling a rope .
a man is laying on a rope .
a man is pulling a rope on a rope .
a man pulling a rope on a rope .
a man with a beard is holding a beard .
a man with a beard .
a middle aged middle aged woman wearing a green headscarf and blue jeans is carrying a large smile .
a woman is laughing while another woman watches .
a worker working on a boat .
a little girl is holding a necklace in the water .
a skateboarder in a pool .
a man and woman walk along a river .
a group of people are having a good time .
a man in a white shirt is writing on a piece of paper .
a group of people walking along a body of water .
a family looking at the water .
a family walks by the water .
a family walking along a dirt path .
a family walking down the street .
a group of people looking at a museum .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people standing near a building .
a man and a woman are standing together .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of girls are walking down the street in front of a bicycle .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man does a trick on a skateboard in a skate park .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a man does a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a man taking a picture .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
people riding bikes .
a person riding a bike with a bike in the background .
a man on a skateboard doing a trick on a skateboard .
a woman with a ponytail is standing in front of two men .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of young men are splashing in water .
three men are standing outside .
a woman with a blue basket is standing behind a grill with a blue basket .
a car drives through the water .
a group of people are outside .
a car drives down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man on stage with his guitar .
a woman on a trolley .
two men working at a construction site .
three women are reading .
graffiti on a brick wall .
a group of people are standing on a rail .
a man is smiling and laughing .
a guy doing a trick on a bike .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
kids playing in the grass .
a man sitting in a chair .
two children are playing with a large rock .
two girls playing outside .
children playing in a rocky field .
a woman in a green dress dancing .
a man looking at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt sits at a computer computer .
a man working on a computer .
a man is sitting at a computer .
a man is looking at his laptop .
a young girl is holding a bowl on her head .
a man is dancing .
a toddler is sitting on a couch .
a woman is walking into the water .
a woman stands near a fountain .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a woman is swimming in a fountain .
a woman is standing in front of a fountain .
a couple walking down the street .
a man is looking at a cellphone .
couple walking down the street .
a man and woman holding hands .
a group of people are playing a sport .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a basketball .
three basketball players are playing basketball .
four men playing basketball .
three dogs play in the grass .
two brown dogs are biting each other .
three dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs are fighting .
a group of people waiting at a train station .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
two people dancing outside .
two people talking to each other .
a biker is jumping over trees .
a dirt biker jumps into a hole .
a person rides a bike .
a biker is riding a bike .
two people are planting trees .
two men in winter coats are standing outside .
two men are standing outside a building .
people are standing in the snow .
two people are wearing coats .
a man holding an accordion .
a bmx biker jumping in the air in midair .
a man is riding a bike .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a boy walking away from the camera .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a busy city street .
an artist is carving clay .
barber at a barber shop .
a man is standing in front of a store .
a woman is getting ready to throw a bowl .
a woman wearing an apron .
a photographer takes a picture .
three firemen walking outside .
firemen are walking .
two firemen are standing next to a firetruck .
a man walking down the street .
a child swimming underwater .
a motorcyclist drives on a track .
people are jumping into a body of water .
a little boy is holding a toy .
a little boy swims underwater .
a man is riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a woman working at a machine .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting vegetables .
a woman is holding a machine .
a man cooking .
a man running .
two women are jogging .
a class of students in a classroom .
people on a roller coaster .
people doing yoga .
two men are riding a motorcycle .
a group of people are waiting to cross the street .
people posing for a picture .
a man laying down on a bench .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a boy is sitting at a table .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down a street .
a woman is cutting something .
a girl is running on a trail .
three people walking along a path .
a blond woman is looking at something in a suitcase .
a woman is holding a suitcase .
a young woman in a black shirt is walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
a man on a street .
a girl in a band plays a guitar .
a person walking through a city .
a man doing a wheelie .
a motorcyclist performing a wheelie .
a man standing on a street corner .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a man is sitting on a scooter on a scooter .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a couple dancing .
people waiting for a race .
a group of people in orange vests are on a race .
a group of people wearing colorful clothing .
people waiting for a race .
marathon runners compete for a race .
two people are dancing .
a skier in a red jumpsuit is skiing .
a race car with people in the background .
people walking down the street .
a policeman rides a horse .
a group of children playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players playing soccer .
two men serving food .
a group of men playing basketball .
a child plays at a park .
a little boy wearing a brown shirt and black pants .
a child plays on a playground .
a person looking up .
three girls are walking down the street .
a woman in a grocery store .
a brown dog is running through the water .
a woman smiles at a counter in a grocery store .
a mother and her daughter are at a shopping mall .
a woman in a room .
a boy is standing in a boat .
a baseball player swings for a ball .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs across the beach .
a dog on the beach .
a pitcher prepares to throw a pitch .
a group of people on a field .
people are walking down a street .
a group of cheerleaders on a field .
people are cheering .
cheerleaders are cheering .
a person holding a cellphone .
a woman in a blue shirt looks at the camera .
cheerleaders dressed in white and white .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is looking at the floor .
people are standing in front of a wall .
two people are standing next to each other .
a dog in the water .
a group of people raising their hands .
a baby is playing with a toy .
people are performing on stage .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
people dancing .
people dancing .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man playing a guitar .
three dogs play in the snow .
a man and a woman are walking .
a man sitting at a desk .
a photographer taking pictures .
a man playing a board game .
a group of people are running .
a man sits in front of a piano .
a man playing a game .
a man is sitting in front of a sculpture .
a young man sitting on a bench .
two men drinking beer .
a man is pushing a cart .
people listening to a speaker .
a group of young people gathered around a table .
a woman wearing a red shirt .
a woman talking to a group of people .
a woman and a woman are talking to each other in an office .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
four people are standing next to a wall .
two women talking to each other .
a group of students having a discussion .
a woman is looking at a man 's hair .
a couple having a conversation .
a man is looking at his cellphone .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is looking at a woman .
two people are looking at a camera .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man and a woman are outside .
a woman is standing next to a man standing on the street .
people are walking down a street .
a man is showing a woman 's hair .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
two men on a lawn .
a child smiling .
a child is laying on his face .
two girls are playing in the grass .
a man is running behind a sled .
a child is laying on the floor .
a child is making a cookie .
a child plays with a toy .
a toddler is wearing pajamas .
a toddler is playing with a toy toy .
a man skiing down a hill .
a man performing a trick .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a man is playing a sport .
two people are sitting next to a body of water .
people walking down a sidewalk .
people are standing in the water .
four people are sitting by the water .
people are walking down a street .
two girls are sitting next to each other .
people are walking by a body of water .
a group of men are standing around a table .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are taking a break on the road .
a young woman playing in front of an old building .
a man in a blue shirt plays an instrument .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a street performer is listening to music .
people painting a building .
three men are standing outside .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man holding a little girl walking through a creek .
two people walking down a path .
a street vendor waits for sale .
a woman sitting at a table .
two people are standing outside .
two girls are playing outside .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a young woman looking at the camera .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a young woman looking at her camera .
a woman is looking at a table .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman looking at her cellphone .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to his arms .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his arms out .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing outside .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a boy is holding his arms .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a boy in a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball .
a woman laughing while another girl watches .
a group of people are jumping rope .
four children are jumping rope in the middle of a road .
a woman sewing a sewing machine .
a group of people are jumping rope .
a man on a cellphone .
children jump rope rope .
two dogs are hugging each other .
two wrestlers competing in a match .
two dogs are fighting .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a bag .
a woman with a green sweater is smiling .
a woman is taking a picture .
a smiling woman smiling .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman wearing a green hooded sweatshirt .
a climber rock climbing .
a man is walking down the street .
a person jumping in the air .
a man stands at the bottom of a staircase .
a man is walking down the street .
two people are sitting at a table .
a couple holding a child .
a group of people playing soccer .
a soccer player wearing a blue and white uniform is jumping .
a soccer player in a white uniform is about to kick the ball .
a red and white soccer team is playing a game .
soccer players are playing soccer .
two children are pulling a wagon .
a woman looking at jewelry .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a young man is sitting on a table .
a girl standing in front of a building .
an old man and a woman wearing shorts are sitting next to a table in front of a table .
a man and woman dancing .
a woman is standing next to a table .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking .
a girl picking up a piece of paper .
a fruit stand with fruit on it .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
children playing soccer .
a woman is throwing a frisbee .
people walking down the street .
the street is filled with graffiti .
people walking in the street .
people walking down a city street .
many people are walking in front of buildings .
a man is painting the side of a snowy area .
an old man painting a portrait .
a busy city street .
a large building in the city .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a busy city street .
people walking down a busy street .
a young boy is making a sandwich .
a person painting a picture .
people are walking down the street .
a car drives down the street .
a city street in a city .
a sign with a sign that says " sign .
cars parked on the street .
a sign that says " sign .
a girl in a brown shirt is dancing on a wooden floor .
two boys skateboarding in a park .
a young girl is dancing .
a child is dancing .
a firefighter is standing on top of a ladder .
a firefighter stands in a city .
a construction worker is working on a fire .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
two people stand next to a large statue of a large statue .
a person walking up stairs .
a family stands next to a van .
a woman is playing with a child .
a woman holding a child .
people are walking in an alley .
a woman is talking to children .
two men are talking to each other .
a couple having a conversation .
a man is working on a bicycle .
a baby is walking on the ground .
a man playing soccer .
a group of people having drinks .
three women talking .
two women carrying little girls .
four people are sitting on a bench .
two women holding their children .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a group of people on the sidewalk .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
a dog carries a stick in his mouth .
two children are running .
a young boy dressed in a costume costume .
two children dressed in costumes .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two girls doing yoga .
people sitting around a table .
people waiting for food .
people getting ready to eat .
two men are sitting on a bench .
construction workers are sitting on a bench .
construction workers are working on construction .
construction workers standing next to each other .
a man riding a bicycle .
a motorcycle racer is driving .
a blond woman in a black shirt is laughing .
a person looking off into the distance .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a man riding a bike .
a man on a dirt bike .
a man riding a dirt bike .
a man is looking at something .
a girl holding a glass glass .
a woman in a red dress is running towards a black dog .
a woman in a red jacket with a red jacket .
a woman throwing a dog .
a woman is throwing a dog .
a man and a dog are walking on the beach .
a woman and a dog are outside .
a woman and a dog are petting a sheep .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a woman is petting a dog .
two men laughing and laughing .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and woman sit on a bench .
three people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
a man in a military uniform stands in front of two men .
a group of people are skydiving .
a woman looks through a window at a restaurant .
a cowboy at a rodeo .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing together .
a cowboy riding a bull at a rodeo .
a child pulling a toy wagon .
two men are standing next to each other while another man stands next to him .
a bride and groom are standing outside .
a man is singing into a microphone .
girl throwing stones into water .
a man and woman getting married .
people standing on a grassy field .
a group of men are working .
an elderly woman in a blue shirt puts something in her hand .
a man is walking down the street .
three men are standing around the back of a car .
three men are looking at a car .
people are looking through a car .
firefighters look at a car .
a man grilling meat .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a woman dressed in black dances .
a man walking down the street .
a man pushes a stroller .
a man in a suit is walking through a park .
a man is cooking food .
a man walks by a store .
a young man shaving his face .
two dogs run along the shore .
a man in a blue shirt walking past a building .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a dog in the snow .
a dog catches a stick .
a group of people looking at something .
a man and a woman are looking up .
a person is taking pictures .
a crowd watches as people watch .
people are walking down the street .
men hanging on a wall .
a group of men are hanging on a wall .
a group of men are hanging up a picture .
a man is drawing a picture of a child .
a man is drawing a picture of a child .
two men working on a project .
two men are sitting at a table .
two men are playing basketball .
a man paints a shop .
a man is putting up a poster .
a man is standing in front of a shop .
a man stands in front of a shop .
a man standing in front of a shop .
a crowd gathers at a concert .
a group of people on a basketball court .
people enjoying a swimming pool .
a man is bowling .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling .
a man is bowling with a green bowling ball in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a group of men talking to each other .
a group of people talking to each other .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people gather on the grass .
a group of people playing soccer .
a dog plays in the water .
three boys playing in the water .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a goalie catches a soccer ball .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer game with a team in the background .
a soccer game .
a group of people competing in a competition .
a young woman plays the violin .
a group of people are playing in a park .
a man playing a guitar .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is making a sword with a chainsaw .
a group of people working together .
a man wearing a cap and a baseball cap .
a man in a white shirt is juggling some kind of war .
three young children are holding an apple in a garden .
two girls playing in a park .
children posing in front of a mountain .
three children posing for a picture .
a group of children posing for a picture .
three children are sitting on a rock .
an old man standing outside of a building .
an old man stands in front of a building .
a man playing a guitar .
two women are working in a village .
a person in a orange shirt is standing in a field .
two men are sitting at a table .
a band performs on stage .
a woman is lying down .
a man in a white shirt is cooking a piece of metal .
a woman stands on top of her head .
two men in a kitchen .
two men are cooking rice .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping on the water .
a man paddles a wave .
a man does a flip in the air .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a child working with wood .
the snow is covered in snow .
a person stands in a body of water .
two people are standing by a fountain .
a boy climbs a log .
a child climbs a rock wall .
a child in a blue shirt painting a log .
a child is painting a piece of wood .
a child painting .
a child painting .
two people are standing next to a fountain .
a lady is sitting on a bench with her eyes closed .
soccer players on the field .
people walking down the street .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a suit .
a boy walking across a patio .
a child is walking next to a tree .
a young boy taking a picture .
a truck in a truck .
construction workers are standing outside .
a group of people standing outside a building .
three men working on a project .
three men are smiling .
a crowd of people in an asian country .
a woman walking in front of a building .
a surfer rides a wave .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays in the grass .
a couple taking a picture .
a couple walking down the street .
a young boy is taking a picture of a fountain .
a man is holding a balloon .
a group of people are gathered together .
two people are standing in front of a building .
two people are standing next to each other .
a dog is hugging .
a woman is looking at two dogs .
a black and white dog is standing next to a woman .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a bikini are running .
two dogs are looking at each other .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs are fighting .
kids playing with toys .
kids playing with toys .
two children playing in the grass .
kids are playing with toys .
a group of children playing soccer .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing in the grass .
two dogs playing together .
a scuba diver stands on top of rocks .
two dogs are fighting .
construction workers are looking at something .
construction workers are standing in a construction site .
three construction workers are digging .
construction workers in hard hats and hard hats .
three construction workers are digging .
three construction workers are standing in front of a pile of machinery .
three men are standing outside in a field .
construction workers look at something in a field .
three men in a field .
three construction workers are working outside .
men digging dirt .
two construction workers are working outside .
three men are working on a project .
two men working on a project .
two men are working on scaffolding .
construction workers in orange vests and hard hats are digging in the dirt .
two men working on a project .
a man talking on his cellphone .
two people walking in the snow .
a car is driving down the street .
a man and woman walking in the snow .
two people climbing a mountain .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are standing outside .
a group of people in a city .
a car is parked in front of a building .
a woman is standing in front of a waterfall .
a blond woman wearing a blue shirt .
a woman with blond hair wearing a white dress and a white hat is sitting in a chair and smiling .
a woman is sitting on a tree stump .
a woman is walking down the street .
an elderly woman is playing with an umbrella .
a lady in a dress holding a bird .
a little girl is standing on a tree .
a woman holding a bird .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a person walking down the street .
an older woman is holding a baby .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a tree .
a woman is looking at a bird .
a woman is sitting on a rock .
two people are standing next to a field .
two people are planting something .
a young man in a black shirt is walking in front of a mural of a mural .
a lady is walking past a large mural .
a man with a beard is walking in front of a brick wall .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is walking in front of an old building .
a woman walking .
a woman looking at a mural .
there is a picture of a man in a blue shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is riding a horse .
two men riding bikes .
a man sitting on a deck .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person stands next to a fishing pole .
a man sitting on a bench with a fishing pole behind him .
a man fishing .
a group of men are walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people are looking at a window .
people are walking around a building .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a man is playing the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
people are playing instruments .
two men playing music on a street corner .
a lady walking down the street .
a girl taking a picture .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a band performing on stage .
a woman is throwing a ball .
people walking down a street .
a dog swims in the water .
three people are standing outside .
a group of people are gathered around a fire .
a dog swims in the water .
a fire on fire .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a boy is using a laptop computer .
a woman working on a grill .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman working in front of a wooden counter .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a woman walks past a body of water .
a group of people are waiting for an event .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man selling items on a busy street .
a man on a ladder painting a house on a ladder .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a hat .
a group of children are gathered together .
a boy is playing in the woods .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a young child walking through the woods .
a child runs over leaves .
a child runs through the woods .
a child running .
a crew crew is getting ready for work .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people are at a sporting event .
three basketball players trying to block the basketball .
a group of people standing in front of a large sign .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
a girl is holding a fountain .
a girl wearing a pink and white dress .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young girl wearing a pink dress .
a man standing in the snow holding a sign .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a man is shoveling snow .
a little boy is playing in the water .
a nurse is smiling .
three children are standing in front of a lake .
a group of people are standing together .
a boy in a yellow kayak paddles .
three children , one in a blue shirt and the other in a yellow shirt , are sitting in a kayak , with a paddle in the background .
the white dog is running in the grass .
a young man paddles a canoe .
a small child in a swimming pool .
a child is holding a bowl .
a group of people are looking at newspapers .
a doctor cuts a cake .
a woman is watching a woman .
a small child is holding a book .
a baby is sleeping in a hospital bed .
a girl reading a book .
a crowd watching a baseball game .
a baseball game in a game .
a baseball player prepares to hit the ball .
a man in a red and white uniform is holding a bat .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
a group of people sit at a dock .
a girl in a tank top is running .
people racing on a track .
two men talk at the beach .
four people are skating .
people playing hockey on the ice .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a group of people riding bikes .
soccer players running on the grass .
runners running in a marathon .
a man is holding a box .
a man chopping wood .
a man working on scaffolding .
a man in a white shirt is singing .
an old man is trying to sell something .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a girl reading a book while sitting on a bench .
men working on a project .
two men working on a roof .
two men wearing hard hats are standing in front of a fence .
two men working together .
two men are standing behind a fence .
two men are looking at something .
two construction workers work on a crane .
a man in a green shirt is standing behind a chain link fence .
people working in a yard .
two men are talking .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
people standing in the snow .
a man is getting ready to throw a baseball .
people waiting to cross the street .
two dogs in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs run across the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs run by each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
three people are playing outside .
two dogs playing together .
a man in a black jacket stands in front of two women .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two people are looking at balls .
two people playing a game .
a puppy is playing in the grass .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man is holding a microphone .
people are playing instruments .
a band plays with a guitar .
kids playing in a tire swing .
an elderly man playing a guitar on stage .
students working on a project in a classroom .
a dog in the snow .
two dogs fighting in a field .
a group of cheerleaders are cheering .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is writing on a piece of paper .
a woman is using a microscope .
a woman looking through a microscope .
this is a picture of an airplane .
two dogs hugging each other .
a group of people on a boat .
a group of people swimming at a lake .
a black dog is running through the snow .
a woman is crossing a busy street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is showing her fingers .
two women are playing frisbee .
two women playing a game .
two women playing chess .
two women are playing frisbee .
three women playing frisbee .
two men selling vegetables at an outdoor market .
a woman poses for a picture .
a man standing in front of a vegetable stand .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a young man playing a saxophone .
a band is singing .
a boy playing the drums .
a band is playing music .
people are singing and playing instruments .
a band playing music .
four people at a festival .
a band is performing on stage .
a woman in a black jacket is smiling .
two men in a martial arts match .
a person is surfing a wave .
a bride and groom are having a good time .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
a referee wearing a blue shirt is holding a basketball .
a man and woman talking to each other .
two teams playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a wall .
two men playing basketball .
a group of people playing a game .
two young boys are smiling .
two young boys are washing their hands .
asian asian women in a parade .
a man wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is taking a picture .
three people are walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are having drinks .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are outside .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
two people stand outside .
a group of adults and children .
two people are walking down the street .
a man drinks from a drink .
people walking on a street .
a group of people are walking down the street in front of a city street .
a city street with many people in white and white and red and white shirts .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man is singing into a microphone while a man sings into a microphone .
a woman drinking a drink .
two musicians are singing and playing instruments .
a group of people standing around a fence .
people walking down the street .
two dogs running across the grass .
two dogs are running .
two dogs on the beach .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man dives into a pool .
two dogs play in the yard .
a young girl is sitting on a deck .
a girl smiles at the camera .
a girl is pointing at the camera .
a group of girls dressed in blue and blue .
a woman looking at the camera while another woman looks on .
a girl smiles at the camera .
a black and white dog catching a frisbee .
a group of girls dressed in blue and blue .
a girl in a swimming pool .
two couples dancing at a wedding .
children playing basketball .
a girl in a blue dress is playing at a playground .
a swimmer swimming in the water .
a bearded man with a beard wearing a blue shirt .
a swimmer diving into the water .
a person is swimming .
a child wearing a green shirt .
four people sitting outside .
two men are sitting on the beach .
a group of adults and children wearing hats .
people are sitting on a ledge .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a black dog is rolling over a log .
people in a bus .
a woman is dancing .
a woman drawing a portrait .
a woman drawing a portrait .
a young girl is drawing a presentation .
a woman drawing a presentation .
a woman drawing a portrait .
a woman drawing a portrait .
a man is using a piece of paper .
a woman is drawing a project .
a student is drawing a presentation .
a man in a suit is standing in a parade .
a person is looking at a mirror .
a woman is looking into a pool .
a person rides a bike past a wall .
a baseball player swings his bat .
a woman walking with her dog .
a man is riding a bicycle down a graffiti covered wall .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a person on a bicycle .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
two men riding bikes .
a woman painting .
a woman in a purple shirt is painting another woman .
a woman painting .
people on a bridge .
a group of young boys standing in the grass .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple enjoying lunch .
a group of children are smiling .
a little girl is smiling .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a little girl wearing a colorful hat .
a girl wearing a hat and a hat .
a girl wearing a hat .
a little girl is standing on her head .
a child is laying down .
a little girl poses for the camera .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a young child in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
a man holding a camera .
a man looking through a telescope .
people walking down a street .
people walking down a busy street .
a photographer taking pictures .
a person sitting on a bench .
a girl swings on a swing .
a girl sitting on a bench on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people walking down the street .
two people walking across a bridge .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl swings on a swing .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
two dogs play in the grass .
a baby is walking in a plaza .
monks standing in a market .
teenagers sitting in a classroom .
a baby is sitting on top of a slide .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a piece of paper .
two people walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
people walking up stairs .
a young girl is climbing up a red bridge while a woman walks by .
two people walking up a bridge .
a man sitting on a bench .
a child learning to swim .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a man sitting in a garden .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is drinking a beer in a garden .
a man in a black shirt is holding a bottle of beer .
a man wearing a tank top .
a man in a green shirt plays in the yard .
a man wearing a denim shirt and jeans .
a woman is holding a knife .
a little girl slides down a slide .
three dogs are playing with a ball .
a man singing into a microphone .
a bride and groom kissing .
a man walking down the street .
fans are cheering for fans .
a group of men are looking at a group of people .
a child is drinking from a garden hose .
a group of men standing around a playground .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a group of people are standing in front of an audience .
a young girl is walking down a dirt road .
a group of people are walking down a river .
two boys stand next to a body of water .
five young boys are playing in the water .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a person jumping in the air .
three children are playing outside .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a man is playing a trumpet .
a man in a green shirt is looking at a boat .
a man on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a boat .
a large ship is surrounded by medical equipment .
an older man wearing an orange outfit is playing an accordion .
three people are wrestling .
two toddlers asleep on a couch .
a man is making coffee .
a person in a blue shirt is walking .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a little girl swings .
people walking down the street .
a band is playing music .
people selling goods on a busy street .
a horse is running .
people are eating food .
a man is jogging .
three people sitting at a round table .
people at a restaurant at a restaurant .
people having a conversation .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
a man is using a mural to a man .
three people are having a conversation .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a man is painting the side of a building .
a group of people standing under a sign .
a group of adults are sitting on a bench .
a car is parked next to a train .
a man in a white shirt with a white shirt on .
two men are sitting on a bench .
three men are playing instruments .
three construction workers working at a construction site .
a man is sitting in a chair .
people working on a building .
a man working on a machine .
two men working on scaffolding .
two men working on a roof .
two men are working on scaffolding .
two construction workers are working on scaffolding .
two men working on a construction project .
two construction workers are working on the side of a building .
three men are playing music in a band .
two children are playing soccer .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a black haired man wearing a black shirt .
a young boy is singing into a microphone .
a man holding a microphone .
two dogs walking in the snow .
a young man singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
two women posing for the camera .
a woman looking at something .
a woman in a brown coat is standing on a patio .
a woman in a brown jacket is walking .
a man stands in front of a house .
a group of people are standing together .
people playing in water .
a person in a pink shirt stands next to a man wearing a pink shirt .
three people are wearing colorful clothing .
three men are smiling .
a group of people playing outside .
people are standing in the water .
two basketball players are fighting .
basketball players playing basketball .
a girl swimming in a pool .
two basketball players playing basketball .
two men in a gym .
a man smoking a cigarette .
women doing yoga .
a toddler is smiling .
a man sings into a microphone .
a toddler walking .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a little boy is holding a red book with a red book .
a snowboarder doing a handstand on a platform .
a plane on a plane .
this is a flight of stairs .
an elderly woman and an older woman are hugging .
a woman in an airplane .
two asian women walking .
two people walking down the street .
two asian women walk down a street .
women walking down the street .
two girls walking down the street .
two young women walking down a street .
women walking down the street .
two young girls walking down the street .
two girls walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man standing outside .
a woman is standing outside of a shop window .
a musician playing a guitar .
two girls are holding a little girl 's arm .
a mountain biker takes a turn .
a man and a woman are looking at a boat .
two women in a room .
a person rock climbing .
a person riding a motorcycle .
two girls are doing a routine .
two girls picking up a girl 's hair .
three girls are playing together .
a group of people are working .
three girls are having fun .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog plays in a field .
a brown dog runs towards the sky .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man shooting a gun .
a man shaving his gun .
a man is shooting a gun .
four children playing a game .
a man getting ready to throw a gun .
a man is standing in a bathroom with a coffee cup .
a man drinking in a bathroom .
a woman in a bathroom .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man with a hat on his head .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is holding a bottle and walking down the street .
a woman walking down a city street .
a person walking along the side of the road .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man is looking at a fish .
a woman in a green t shirt is reading a book .
a girl is walking down the street in front of a group of people .
a girl walking down the street .
a little girl walking down the street .
a girl on a dirt road .
a little girl is walking down a dirt road .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man wearing a black and black jacket playing a guitar .
a woman waiting at an airport .
a woman waits at an airport .
a group of people waiting for customers .
people are waiting for a train .
a child in a blue shirt is doing a jump .
a band performs on stage .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking in the street .
a man wearing a blue hat and a blue hat is holding a blue hat .
a man is smiling .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a large group of people are looking at a fish .
two people having a conversation .
a man is hanging laundry .
a person is standing in a public place .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at something .
people are looking at fish in an aquarium .
a large group of people looking at fish .
people are looking at fish in a museum .
people looking at fish .
people are looking at fish at an aquarium .
a man sitting on a bench .
people playing in the water .
a group of people in a boat .
a group of people are swimming .
a woman and a child are swimming .
a woman is playing in the water .
a group of girls wearing makeup .
a band performs on stage .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a woman is eating with a child .
a woman is holding a young girl .
a woman is giving a young girl .
a woman is eating with a toddler .
a woman smiles for a young girl .
a woman is serving a plate of candy .
a young girl and a young girl are having fun and having fun .
a woman is looking at a mirror .
a lady feeding a young girl .
a woman and a woman are smiling .
a woman is feeding a young child .
two women are smiling .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman in a black dress is taking a picture .
a lady taking a picture .
an asian woman wearing sunglasses is holding a cellphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a saxophone in a building .
a ship in a dock .
a man is playing guitar on a stage .
a group of people fishing on a boat .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a man is sitting on his forehead .
a man with a cane is sitting on a bench .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man in a white robe has his hand on his arm .
a person is taking a picture .
two people are hugging each other .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people hiking on a trail .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a group of people are standing on a cliff .
three women are riding on a yellow ride .
a group of people in a hot balloon .
people sitting in a circle .
people enjoying themselves .
a group of people on a ride .
children ride on a carnival ride .
a group of children are sitting on the ground .
kids ride a carnival ride .
a group of kids riding on a merry go round .
a young boy pushing a cart on a sunny day .
a young boy is walking down a street .
a man is standing in front of a scooter and holding up a picture .
a boy on a path in the woods .
people are standing in a crowd .
two girls are playing basketball .
a canoe on a river .
a young girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a crowd of people looking at something .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a young girl in a red dress is standing in a crowd .
a large wall with graffiti on it .
three people are wearing blue shirts .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
a man throwing a ball .
a band playing music outside .
a band plays on stage .
a band is playing music .
a group of people listening to music .
a band is listening to music .
two people are standing in the snow .
a man singing on stage .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man and woman are playing in the snow .
a man points to a crowd of people .
a man and a woman are wearing orange cones .
a man stands in front of a car in front of a car .
two men standing in the middle of a city street .
a man is walking on a sidewalk at night .
a woman standing in a store .
a woman is giving a presentation while another woman watches .
a woman is painting a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a black and white dog swims in a stream .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs walking in the water .
a white dog is looking over a ledge .
two dogs play in the water .
a person sliding down a red slide .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a little boy is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a boy on a slide .
a brown dog running in the grass .
a group of people are standing outside .
a boy is standing on a rock .
security officers standing at the starting line .
a man is walking down a street .
a man playing soccer .
two men working on scaffolding .
a person on a beach .
a person is sitting on the beach .
a person in a red shirt is laying in the shade .
a small child sits under a tree .
a man sitting on the beach .
people enjoying the beach .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a man is hanging from a rope .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a man rides a bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is doing a handstand on a platform .
a person is standing on a platform .
a boy in a red jacket is running through snow .
a man pulling a cart .
a group of people having drinks .
a group of young men dancing at a party .
a group of people in a crowded area .
a large group of people are standing outside a building .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man riding a bike .
three friends on the beach .
two men are standing on the beach .
a city street sign .
a man and woman look off into the distance .
a man with a tattoo on his head .
a chef cooks in a kitchen .
a man is getting a tattoo .
a man is getting a tattoo .
a man cooking a meal .
a man is in a kitchen .
a blond woman is brushing her teeth while her daughter looks on .
a policeman walking down the street .
people standing in a store .
a security guard stands next to a car .
a young girl is brushing her teeth .
a man is standing next to a trailer .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a piece of wood .
a young man wearing a hat and a hat .
a young man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a wall full of books .
a man wearing a hat .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is standing in front of a house .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking .
a man in a green shirt standing next to a house .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a man is working on a bicycle .
a homeless man is standing outside a building .
a man is working on a vehicle .
a woman stands under a colorful tent .
a boy in a red swim cap is swimming .
a man running .
a group of people taking pictures .
a child sitting on a bench .
a person is hanging from a body of water .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a woman laughing .
a woman is standing in a crowded room holding a glass .
a woman smiling at the camera .
a group of people are gathered together .
two people are making faces .
two men playing guitars .
a man walking down the street .
a woman cleaning a bucket .
a man is walking down the street .
a crane flies through the air .
two men climbing a rock .
two men are working on a building .
two men are working on a wall .
two men working on scaffolding .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man is cooking meat on a grill .
two men are cooking outside .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
two children are working in a garden .
people preparing food .
a man playing a guitar .
two dogs run in a field .
two men work in a dumpster .
two children ride a sled .
two children sledding on a sled .
a man in a canoe .
a man sitting in a boat .
two children sleeping on the sidewalk on the sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is riding a boat .
a woman is listening to music .
two people are standing in front of a building .
people are sitting and talking .
a man in a gray hoodie is working .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog shaking water .
a brown and white dog jumps into the water .
a dog is trying to catch a frisbee .
a dog runs through a field .
a duck swims in the water .
the dogs are swimming in the water .
a flock of birds .
a man is sitting on a bus .
a man is riding a bicycle past a grocery store .
a person is riding a bike .
a man rides a bicycle past a shop .
two girls are reading a book while reading .
a man wearing sunglasses is kneeling on top of a house .
a man swimming .
a man is looking at the water .
a dog is running in the water .
a swimmer swimming in a lake .
two people are performing .
a little boy is flying a toy airplane in a field .
two women sitting next to a shop .
a young child playing with an object in the air .
a boy playing in a field .
a child plays with a toy airplane .
a person walking through the rain .
a man in a rain rain .
a man walking in the rain .
a man swimming in a pool .
a man is playing an accordion .
a man with a beard is walking in the rain .
a man playing the bagpipes .
a man holding a guitar .
a man playing music on the sidewalk .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people wearing costumes .
people playing soccer .
a group of people are dancing .
two girls looking at something .
two women are looking at something .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are laughing .
two women are looking at something .
two girls are looking at a book .
five women dancing .
a group of people dressed in black and black are dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a man rides a red bike .
a man rides a bike in the street .
a man on a bicycle pulling a wagon .
a man on a bike .
a man is balancing on a bicycle .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
people sitting by a water fountain .
a little girl hugging another child .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a paper .
a man reading a newspaper outside .
a man is reading a newspaper outside .
a man reading a newspaper in front of a building .
a group of children are standing together .
a boy doing tricks on a skateboard .
three children are ice skating .
three young people are skating .
children are rollerskating .
a toddler swings on a swing .
a man in a coat is walking down the street .
a man throwing a stick .
a man is holding a stick .
a man is throwing a stick into a microphone .
a man getting ready to throw a stick .
a group of people are standing on the beach .
a young couple hugging .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
an old man is reading a newspaper .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
four men are playing a musical instrument .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people playing music outside .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar on the street .
four musicians are playing instruments .
a group of young people playing instruments outside .
a band plays on the street .
three police officers on the street .
a line of people waiting in line .
a line stands at a station .
police officers in front of a gate .
soccer players are on a soccer field .
two teams playing soccer on a grassy field .
two young men playing soccer .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a table .
people are gathered around a table in an asian country .
a man is playing pool .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person is sitting on the sidewalk looking at something on the sidewalk .
a man sitting on a bench with his head crossed .
a child plays on a playground .
a young boy rides a horse at a playground .
a boy riding a horse .
a child on a merry go round .
a boy rides a horse .
a man is getting his shoes shined .
two people fighting .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is holding goggles .
a man is holding goggles .
a black and black dog swimming underwater .
people are standing in front of a monument .
a man is playing pool .
a woman is standing next to a building .
two children are playing football .
a man walking up steps .
a child holding a paddle .
a person walking up stairs .
a man climbing stone steps .
a young child in a red shirt is playing a game .
a man is using a piece of equipment .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a child playing cricket .
a baby crying in a crib .
two guys skateboarding on a street .
two boys are riding skateboards .
a skateboarder in the street .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a boy is standing on a rock .
band performing on stage .
a motorcyclist on a motorbike .
people playing in the snow .
three people are on a boat .
a large group of people are fishing in the snow at an outdoor event .
people standing in the snow .
people walking down a street .
two people are preparing to go out of a lake .
a boy is climbing stairs .
a boy walking up stairs .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a boy in a library .
three people are dressed in black .
two dogs on the grass .
a dog is playing with a toy .
the black and white dog is in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a white dog is in the air .
a black and white dog is running .
a black and white bird is in the water .
a group of people walking down the street .
a couple poses for a picture .
a bride and groom getting married .
four people are talking at a table .
a group of people talking .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a man playing basketball while others watch .
a man playing basketball while others watch .
people enjoying a laundry at the laundromat .
a group of people are watching a performance .
two men taking pictures in a laundry cart .
a man is getting ready to take a laundry .
two people waiting at laundry .
a man is looking at a washing machine .
a man on top of a cliff .
two girls picking flowers outside .
a man looking at the water .
a man is standing on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a man climbing up a rocky cliff overlooking the ocean .
a person stands on the edge of the ocean .
a man standing outside .
a woman wearing a red cap and a red cap .
a girl looking away from the camera .
a girl is fishing .
a woman fishing in a lake .
a woman in a red shirt with red hair .
a little girl wearing a headband .
a woman with red hair is looking at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
people are cooking outside .
a group of people are cooking and eating .
a group of people at a fire .
a group of people are waiting for food .
a group of friends gather outside .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a woman is walking in front of a wall .
a brown and white dog is jumping .
a brown dog is biting a brown dog .
a brown and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog is running in the snow .
a black and white dog walks through the water .
a person riding a bike through the woods .
people are talking on a balcony .
a young girl is playing outside .
a woman standing outside .
a man and a woman are crossing the street .
a man is standing on a curb looking at his cellphone .
a man sleeping in a doorway .
a woman talks on her cellphone as she talks to her cellphone .
a man is standing in a parking lot .
a baby in a blue shirt is crying .
a woman is walking down the street .
two boys are playing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman making bread .
a group of cheerleaders on a field .
a group of cheerleaders are dancing .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
cheerleaders are wearing red and red uniforms .
a child smiles for the camera .
a small child wearing a blue shirt smiles while sitting in a highchair .
a child is playing with a box .
a bicyclist rides down a road .
a woman riding a bike .
a man is holding something .
a person riding a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people are dancing .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two people are sitting and talking .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a small dog is walking through a field .
a man and a woman at a desk .
a black and white dog is running .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a greyhound running in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog is running through a racetrack .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black dog is running a race .
a man standing at a market .
a person doing tricks on a motorbike .
a motorcyclist on a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist rides his bike .
a person riding a motorcycle on a racetrack .
a person on a motorcycle .
a man working on a machine .
a person on a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a young boy is standing on a stage .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
a man is performing a trick .
a man is standing on the ground .
a blond woman in a flower dress holding a bottle .
a woman is reading a book while listening to music .
a man is reading a book .
a man and a woman are standing together .
two people standing on a road near a building .
a red building with a sign .
two people walking on the street .
a group of people playing a game .
a man and a woman are standing by a doorway .
three men are standing in front of a building .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man dressed as a clown .
a group of people watching a performance .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman on a billboard .
a young man skateboarding .
two dogs racing on a track .
a race car is racing .
two dogs racing on a track .
a young man rides a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man and a woman are standing next to a man .
a man is skating .
a man in a park .
a man rides a skateboard .
a man skateboarding in a park .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a little boy is watching a toy train .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
two women sitting on a rock .
a boy in a red shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a boy does a skateboard trick in a skate park .
a group of people sitting outside .
a group of people sitting on blankets .
a little girl playing on a swing .
a young girl in a pink dress is running .
a girl is playing with a ribbon .
a girl in a pink top is spinning a ribbon .
a girl wearing a pink shirt and pink pants .
a skier flies through the air .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a person skiing .
a skier skiing down a snowy mountain .
a woman reading a book .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs are facing each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman in a red shirt is playing on a large black and red slide .
a woman playing a board game .
a man playing a game .
a man playing chess .
a boy is looking at the train .
a woman in a blue shirt is dancing .
a woman is getting ready to throw a ball .
a lady is getting ready to hit the ball .
a dancer poses for a picture .
a woman walking down the street .
a dancer poses for a picture .
a woman dancing .
kids playing with toys .
a person wearing a green hat and green hat .
a boy plays with a toy gun .
a young boy plays with a toy gun .
a young man is playing with a toy .
a little boy is playing with a toy gun .
a group of people standing around a farm .
a group of people are standing in a dirt field in a dirt field .
a group of children are playing tug of war .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man in a suit is talking on a cellphone .
a boy is shooting a gun .
two people are sitting on a train looking at something .
people on a train .
people are on a train .
a man is sitting on a train .
a street performer is looking at something .
a man on a train .
a little boy is playing with his son .
a boy swings a bat .
a little boy in a red helmet is swinging .
a boy playing a game .
a man is holding a baby .
a lady is crying .
a woman in a white shirt is making a funny face .
a woman is crying .
a woman is holding a baby .
a young lady is crying .
a man holds a crying baby .
a group of people are having fun .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
two men are playing instruments .
a man and a woman are sitting in a doorway .
two people are standing outside .
two people are sitting in a dark area .
an old man looking into a dumpster .
a little boy holds a baby .
two young men are sitting at a rodeo .
two young adults riding a horse .
a horse in a rodeo .
a young man is helping another man on a horse .
two people at a rodeo .
a cowboy is on his arm .
a woman rock climbing .
a little boy is taking a picture of a young girl .
a group of children are smiling .
a young boy holding a crying baby .
two young boys are smiling .
a man is sitting on a chair .
a group of cheerleaders are cheering .
a young boy in a red shirt holds his leg in the sand .
a bride and groom holding each other .
four children are standing in the snow .
four children climbing on a snowy hill .
two children climbing a hill of snow .
a woman wearing a white wedding gown .
a man and a woman are outside .
a bride and groom standing by a fence .
a man is walking down a busy street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking across the street with his tie .
a man walking across the street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a man cooking food .
a man in a white dress is smiling .
a person is preparing food .
a man is cooking meat .
a man in a black shirt is standing on the street .
a man in a suit .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking meat .
a man standing in front of a garage door .
a man is holding a knife .
a man is standing outside .
a man standing in front of a garage door .
a man standing in front of a garage door .
a man and woman are talking to an elderly woman .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a man in a black shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man is kissing a man .
a man is standing next to a man .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a man cutting a cake .
a woman is standing next to a cake .
a man in a blue shirt is giving a presentation .
a man blows a birthday cake .
a man opening a birthday cake .
a man in a white shirt is preparing to make a presentation .
a birthday cake with candles on it .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man with an umbrella walks down the street .
a man is cutting up a cake .
a crowd of people are standing at a tent .
people are standing near a blue tent .
people standing in line .
a group of people standing behind a fence .
a woman walking through a park .
a man walking down a sidewalk .
a woman walking down the street .
a young girl carrying a bag walks down the street .
a person on a sidewalk .
a man in a living room .
man juggling knives .
a man juggling balls .
a young african american boy is holding up a stick .
a man in a white shirt juggling a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a ball .
a man is sitting on a rock .
four children laughing .
a woman and a baby are eating .
a group of children are leaning on a wall .
four children are smiling .
a person on a mountain .
a group of children posing for a picture .
a group of people standing around a podium .
a group of young adults in a classroom .
a group of adults are sitting around a table .
two men in boxing gear fight .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two men are sitting at a table .
two men are standing together .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
people are sitting at a table .
several chefs cooking in a kitchen .
people preparing food .
chefs preparing food in a restaurant .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a man is using a hammer .
an artist working on a piece of art .
a man in a gray sweater is using a hammer .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a rock .
a person working on a large rock .
a man climbs a rock wall .
a group of boys racing on a track .
runners running in the snow .
children running in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of bicyclists racing .
a black man in a black shirt is smiling at the camera .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man stands in front of a room .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of men riding bikes .
a group of cyclists are racing .
a surfer rides a wave .
people are standing in a market .
a dog runs through the woods .
a person is standing in front of a computer while another man stands behind him .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
two people are hanging out of a building .
two people are standing in a room .
two people in a room .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a child is watching a child in a bathtub .
two dogs play in the grass .
a brown and white dog is running in the snow .
a baby is holding a baby .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs play together .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman singing and singing into a microphone .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a family is sitting on a wooden floor with a tree in the background .
a girl shoveling snow .
a child shoveling snow .
two girls laying on the grass .
a snow covered mountain .
two boys practicing martial arts .
a person stands against a wall .
a man is walking down the street .
young girls playing outside .
a group of girls playing soccer .
two young women playing soccer on a soccer field .
a teenager playing soccer .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food .
a photographer takes a picture .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
two girls posing for the camera .
two girls laying on the grass .
a group of girls are sitting on the grass .
two girls are playing outside .
two young girls are listening to music .
a man is waiting for customers .
two girls are listening to music .
a family poses on top of a mountain .
three people posing in front of a mountain .
two men standing next to a window .
two men are standing around a fire .
two men standing next to each other .
two people are standing at night .
a group of people talking .
people walking down the sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
two people sleeping on a bench .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
women on a sidewalk .
a cyclist is racing on the track with a bike in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a person riding a bike .
a cyclist on a road .
two men riding bikes .
a child playing on a slide .
two men with two dogs .
a person riding a bike on a dirt path .
children laying on the floor .
a man and woman look off into the distance .
a man dances at a park .
people fishing on a pier .
a woman and a child are playing outside .
a woman walking down the street .
two girls are sitting on a carpet .
kids playing in the snow .
two black dogs run next to each other .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a man is doing a trick in the air .
a man playing tennis .
two players playing tennis .
a man and woman sitting on rocks .
a woman is sitting on the steps of the sun .
a woman playing guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a guitar .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman playing guitar .
a woman playing guitar on stage .
a woman playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman is playing the drums .
a group of asians sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing outside .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is looking at a mirror .
a man sitting on a bus .
a man is waiting for a bus .
a group of young people are sitting on the ground .
a woman working on an orange project .
two women wearing red .
a woman in a coat is standing in the snow .
a woman shoveling snow .
a woman standing next to a cellphone .
a woman is walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is standing in the snow .
baseball players playing baseball .
a batter wearing blue and blue .
people at a conference conference .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a child playing on the beach .
a large building in the road .
a man in a white shirt is holding a piece of paper .
a man working on a sculpture of a sculpture .
a man with long hair is carving clay .
a man working on a sculpture .
a man doing a handstand .
a man using a hammer .
people are shopping outdoors .
a man working on a sculpture .
a group of people talking .
people walking down the street .
two men working on a project .
two asian men cook on a kitchen counter in a restaurant .
two men are talking .
two men talking to each other .
two men wearing blue shirts .
two men talking to each other .
a person is riding a moped .
a man in a red shirt playing the drums .
two girls playing soccer .
two adults in a building .
girls playing soccer .
two girls playing soccer .
two girls , one in red and one in red and white .
two girls playing soccer on a soccer field .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two people are standing outside .
a person walking down the street .
a person riding a bike .
a person riding a bike in a parking lot .
a person riding a bike .
men are painting a business .
a woman and a child are sitting on a couch .
two girls are sitting in a sink .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is sleeping on a bench .
a couple having a good time .
a man is standing next to a building .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a wall .
a man in a blue shirt is walking by .
a person in a black shirt is looking at something .
a person is standing on a rock .
a man holding a sign .
a dog on a course .
a man in a safety vest stands on a scaffold .
a person painting a picture .
a woman in a black shirt is walking .
a woman looking at a computer screen .
two people are walking down a street .
a man is talking to a group of people .
people standing in front of a food booth .
a woman is holding her hand over her eyes .
a group of people looking at a booth .
a man and a woman are eating food .
a man walking down the street .
a person walking .
a man walking past a building .
two women are looking at something .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people looking at a mountain .
a man riding a motorcycle .
two little girls are smiling .
a man surfing a wave .
two children carrying luggage .
a man is hanging upside down .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a young boy wearing a white t shirt is jumping on a white surfboard .
a man surfing on a surfboard .
the man in the blue shirt is talking on the phone .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man laying down on a bench .
a young man smoking a cigarette .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is doing a handstand on a bicycle .
a man is sitting on steps .
a person sitting on steps .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a blue shirt .
a man is sitting on stairs .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man is leaning against a statue .
a man is standing outside a building .
a statue of a statue .
a man in a hard hat is shoveling snow in the snow .
a man is walking down the street .
a person skiing in the snow .
a woman rock climbing .
a person in a red shirt laying on a wall .
a dog runs through the grass .
a band is playing music .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
a man is checking his phone .
a man working on something .
a man is standing in front of a red car .
a car drives out of a car .
a woman getting her haircut .
a woman walking down the street .
a man climbing a tree .
people sitting at a bar .
a man wearing sunglasses and a leather jacket smiling .
a man is fishing into a tree with a tree in the background .
construction worker looking at a construction site .
a group of people competing in a race .
a young man is using a telescope .
girls in school uniforms .
a man in a black shirt is running towards a black dog .
two girls in a soccer game .
a group of men in a race .
a group of runners running on a track .
people are walking down a street .
a child is holding hands .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man climbing up a cliff .
two people are holding hands .
a girl wearing a blue shirt .
a man is sleeping on a boat .
a man wearing a blue jacket .
a person in a jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a man sleeping in a chair .
a man with his eyes closed .
the sky sets the sky .
a man in a hard hat is working on a ladder .
a man fishing .
a crowd of people waiting for an event .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
people watching a performance .
a dog is playing basketball on a basketball court .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people watching a game .
a group of people playing basketball on a basketball court .
a group of people sitting outside .
a person walking .
a woman in a white dress crossing the street .
girls posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is crossing the street .
an elderly woman on a busy street .
four children posing for the camera .
a man is looking through a telescope .
two girls are standing outside .
a dog jumps over a log in the woods .
two children walking in a parking lot .
a white dog is climbing a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
a black dog is climbing over a snowy mountain .
a man in a gray hoodie lays on top of a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of men are standing in a room .
a dog runs through a grassy field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog running in the grass .
a dog runs through a field .
a dog runs across a grassy field .
people are eating a meal .
a man and a woman are eating .
a man performing on stage .
a man and woman eating .
two elderly people are eating food .
a little girl is playing outside .
a basketball player tries to block the ball .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man and woman standing on the side of a road .
a man and a woman are standing next to a motorcycle .
a man in an orange shirt stands next to a woman on the highway .
a man and woman standing on the railroad tracks .
two construction workers wearing orange vests .
a man is talking to a woman .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a motorcycle .
a man and a woman are looking at a red car .
a car drives down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man and a woman are crossing a highway .
a man and a woman are walking .
a man and a woman are outside .
two people are standing in the railroad tracks .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
construction workers are working on a crane .
two women wearing dresses .
two women are playing a game of monopoly .
two women are playing with their children .
a woman playing tennis .
two women are walking down the street .
two men are painting a building .
people working on a building .
an elderly man is sleeping on a bench .
a young girl is doing a handstand .
a person jumping off a wave .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman riding a bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young girl is walking on the sidewalk .
a dog swims in the water .
a truck parked in front of a house .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child is holding a broom in his hands .
a man reading a newspaper .
a toddler is sweeping the floor .
a man holding a broom .
a young child in a kitchen .
a child is drawing a portrait .
a man holding a sword .
a man holding a gun .
a man doing a trick .
a man holding a sword .
a young boy holding a sword .
construction workers at a construction site .
a man sings into a microphone .
a group of men playing soccer .
a group of football players are running .
a football team is trying to block the ball .
a group of teenage boys wearing yellow shirts and blue uniforms .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a young girl poses in the water .
a young girl is sitting on a rock .
a woman is standing in the middle of a pond .
a person sits next to water .
a young woman is sitting down .
children playing with balls .
a group of kids are playing soccer .
kids playing soccer in a game .
a person is standing on a railing .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a young girl is playing outside .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child is playing in the snow .
a crowd watching an event .
a group of men and women are looking at something in the distance .
a girl in a pink shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is smiling .
a man in a kitchen is cooking .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a train .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
people swimming in a pool .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people swimming in a pool .
a group of people are swimming .
three girls are sitting in a theater .
a man cooking at a stove .
a man smoking a cigarette while smoking a cigarette .
a woman is sitting on a park bench .
a group of people are relaxing .
people swimming .
people sitting in the grass .
two football players running .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
a person walking .
a group of men are watching a football game .
two hikers on a mountain .
a man working on a machine .
two women are laughing .
a toddler is drinking from a cup in a toy car .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rug .
a little girl wearing a blue and white dress .
this is a picture of a woman in a blue and white robe .
a woman with a mohawk .
a pilot standing in a plane .
a man with a helmet is riding a bike .
a man sleeping on steps near the water .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man laying on the ground .
a park park .
a band plays in a park .
a person in a costume .
a dog on the beach .
a dog stands next to a body of water .
a young boy runs through a field .
a dog runs through the sand .
a black and white dog jumping in the water .
a woman and a woman walk across a bridge .
a group of people crossing a bridge .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
two babies are walking down the street .
two dogs laying in the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is looking at something .
a man is sitting on the grass with his legs crossed .
a man is mowing a lawn .
a man rides a lawn mower .
a man is standing in front of a tree .
a man standing next to a road .
people shopping at a farmer 's market .
a man holding a camera .
a person diving into a pool .
a young man jumping into the water .
a man jumping into the water .
a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt is jumping .
a boy in a swimming pool .
two women are playing volleyball .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a woman in a white tank top is applying mascara .
a woman with glasses is sitting on a couch .
a group of people looking at the mountains .
a man with a mustache with a mustache .
a man is looking at something .
two women talking to each other .
two women are looking at each other .
two women are walking down the street .
two women in white shirts walk down the street .
a man climbing a rock .
a man with no shirt on .
a person is climbing up a mountain .
a climber climbs a steep rock wall .
a girl swims in the water .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man is dancing .
a girl is playing on a swing .
a man performing on stage .
a man in a costume is playing an instrument .
a man in a black shirt is singing .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a black and white dog is running in a field .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a couple plays with children .
a group of people playing a game .
people playing in a gym .
people playing volleyball in a gym .
a woman in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a bride and groom getting married .
a man on a dirt bike .
a plane flies through the air .
people walking on a sidewalk at night .
a dog carries a stick through the water .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
a man is smiling .
a person in a red outfit is doing a handstand .
a man poses for the camera .
a man holding a baby and smiling .
two children are looking at something .
a group of people fishing on a beach .
two men fishing on a beach .
a group of men are working on a boat .
a group of people looking at something .
young men on a beach .
a group of people watching a show .
people walking down a street .
a person wearing shorts and a blue shirt is jumping .
two men are working on a rope .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a group of men holding guns .
a group of people are making a cannon .
a man and woman in a subway car .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a boy on a playground equipment .
a man in a yellow shirt is looking down .
two men are cleaning fish on a dock .
two men standing next to a body of water .
two men fishing on a pier .
two men are looking at boats .
a baby is blowing bubbles .
a little girl playing in a sprinkler .
greyhounds racing on a track .
a child is smiling .
a woman painting a picture .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a young blond woman is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at a cat .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman taking a picture with a digital camera .
a man in a yellow hard hat is pulling a rope on a rope .
a man is pulling a rope .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man working on a building .
people looking at a map .
a group of men are looking at something .
tourists look at a map .
a group of men are talking to each other .
a group of men are standing outside .
two motorcycle racers racing a turn .
a motorcycle in a race .
a group of people competing in a race .
two people racing on a dirt track .
two motorcycle riders racing down the street .
two motorcyclist racing .
a race car is racing .
a group of motorcyclists racing around a corner .
two motorcyclists racing .
a group of motorcyclists racing .
two motorcycle racers racing each other .
two motorcyclists riding their bikes .
two people competing in a race .
three men in a tent .
a group of people talking .
a group of men are talking to each other .
a man in a hard hat stands in front of an intersection .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man holding a flag .
a construction worker stands at a crosswalk .
a man stands at a crosswalk .
three men are drinking beer .
a man is performing a dance .
a group of people are playing video games .
a group of young people playing video games .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is playing with an airplane .
a woman standing on a walkway .
people on a roller coaster .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a crowd .
people look up .
a crowd gathers in front of a crowd .
a group of people looking up .
a woman on a street .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
a man is talking to an elderly woman .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a biker rides on the side of a mountain with his friend .
a man wearing a helmet and helmet is driving a dirt bike .
a mountain biker goes up the side of a mountain .
a motorcyclist is driving a motorcycle .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is working .
a man and woman talking to each other .
a man wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap is buying trash .
a man and woman are talking .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a black and white dog licking its nose .
a group of people are having fun .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people at a party .
people are holding drinks .
a dog with its mouth open .
the brown dog is looking at the camera .
a dog poses for a picture .
a dog is looking at the camera .
a dog looks at the camera .
a woman is swinging on a swing swing .
a woman sitting on a swing .
a woman is swinging on a swing .
a black bike is parked on the street .
a woman is swinging on a swing .
three people are jogging in a race .
an artist painting the street in the street .
a person with gloves and gloves is shoveling snow .
a man riding a horse on a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a man rides a bicycle past a large tree .
a man sits in front of a colorful house .
a man riding a horse .
a man rides a horse in front of a large tree .
a man riding a horse .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a soccer player tries to kick the ball while another player watches .
people playing soccer .
a soccer team is kicking a soccer ball .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer game in a stadium .
a soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
a white and white team is wearing a red and white outfit .
a soccer game in blue and red .
a man on a donkey .
a group of kids playing soccer .
a man painting a picture .
a dog with a ball in his mouth .
a man and a woman are making a sword .
a bicyclist rides down the street .
a fisherman standing in the water .
a man on a beach .
people are working on a train .
a child playing with a toy .
two workers working in an office .
a man looking over a body of water .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people looking at computers .
two men in white shirts are working on a computer screen .
people looking at a computer .
a person riding a scooter .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a busy street .
a man sitting on a motorcycle talking on his cellphone .
a man is walking down the street .
a man sitting in a chair .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a person is looking at a box .
a man is posing with a girl in a park .
a woman in a red dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are swimming .
people are dancing .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people playing instruments .
two white dogs are looking at a sheep .
three people are playing instruments .
a market selling fruit and vegetables .
a black and white dog is running .
a bull tries to catch a bull .
a man running away from a bull .
two men wrestling in a hole .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bull .
a group of men fighting .
two people on a horse .
three men are fighting .
a group of young people are playing basketball .
women on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman pose in front of a lake .
a group of people on a sunny day .
two girls walking down a street .
a group of people playing soccer .
a girl is throwing a ball .
two dogs play in a field .
the girl in the blue shirt is running on the field .
a dog runs through the grass .
people riding on a park ride .
people crossing the street .
a group of people standing next to statues .
a woman is crossing the street .
a man and a woman are crossing a street corner .
a group of friends taking a picture of a camel .
a man and woman are looking at a statue of a statue .
people posing for a picture .
people walking in the street .
people are laughing .
a man rides a bike .
a fireman working on a fire .
a dog swims in the water .
a firefighter stands next to a post .
a dog runs through the grass .
people walking in the city .
two men are painting a building .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on the ground .
two people are looking out of glass windows .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman on a cellphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman talking on her cellphone while talking on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman on a cellphone .
a young lady walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
two women looking at the bus .
two dogs biting each other .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
a man playing a guitar .
a child stands in front of the ocean .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a small child stands in front of a river .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a girl walking on a boardwalk .
people playing instruments .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a band playing music .
a group of people are playing instruments .
people are working in the subway station .
construction workers working on cement .
construction workers working in a building .
two baseball players are playing baseball .
a man fishing .
two men are walking past a produce market .
two men walking in front of a market .
men shopping at a market .
men in a market .
a group of men are standing at a farmer 's market .
two men walking through a market .
a young boy getting a haircut .
a young boy is sitting down .
a young boy is giving a haircut .
a man in a yellow shirt is shaving a black hair .
a young boy in a black shirt is brushing his teeth .
a man is getting a haircut .
a young boy shaving his head .
a little boy in a black shirt is giving a haircut .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of children are playing in a crib .
two children pose for a picture .
a man drinking beer .
two men are talking .
two men are holding a beer and drinking beer .
two men talking to each other .
a man is looking at a young girl .
a young girl jumping in the air .
a soccer player on a soccer field .
a man is fishing into the water .
two men are standing in a fishing net .
two men are walking down the street .
two men fishing in the water .
two men are getting ready to take a break .
men fishing off a pier .
a man fishing into a net .
people holding hands .
a group of people are putting up a structure .
three women are sitting in front of a forest .
a boy playing a game .
a man is fixing a bicycle on the street .
two men playing basketball .
workers standing in front of a camera .
construction workers are working .
people are standing outside .
five men are working on scaffolding .
a person wearing a black and white dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a dog swims in the water .
construction workers are standing on a construction site .
a group of people walking by a large building .
people walking on the sidewalk next to a mural .
people walking down the street .
a woman in a green shirt is walking .
a woman in a white shirt is standing outside .
a woman sitting on a wall .
a woman poses for a picture .
a boy in blue shorts and a blue shirt .
a young girl sits on a man 's shoulders .
a boy looking out the window .
a little girl is crying .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a child holding hands .
a man is playing tennis .
a young girl playing on a playground .
a girl is looking at a playground .
a girl is looking at a playground .
a young girl is crying .
a young girl in a pink shirt smiles .
a girl poses with her arms and arms outstretched .
a girl jumping in the air .
men working on scaffolding .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl jumping .
a girl jumping .
a girl wearing a pink shirt .
a girl in a pink shirt is jumping in the air .
a little girl is jumping in the air .
a girl jumping off a cliff .
a young girl jumping into the air .
a little girl sticking her tongue out .
a young child in a blue shirt is running .
a group of men working on scaffolding .
men working on a project .
a group of men working with wood .
a group of men are working on a project .
a group of people are working on scaffolding .
a woman is walking down the street .
a little girl is jumping rope .
a little girl is playing outside .
a girl jumping on a trampoline .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a woman is looking at plants .
two men are rowing a boat .
a man stands in front of a crowd of people .
a woman is planting plants .
a person is planting plants .
a man in a white hat is standing outside .
a woman in a garden .
two children playing with a dog .
a man and a boy are looking into the water .
three people are picking flowers .
several people are planting flowers .
three people are working outside .
a group of people are standing together .
three people are planting plants .
people are walking down a city street .
two girls playing with a football .
two men are standing outside .
two young women selling goods in a market .
a man standing next to a man standing next to him .
two children are in a street .
children are sitting on a floor .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man riding a bull .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are performing a concert .
a group of people are taking pictures .
three people are walking down a street .
three people are standing around talking .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a group of people hanging out .
a group of people talking .
a father poses for the camera .
a dog runs through the grass .
two people are painting a building .
a man rides a unicycle .
a person performing a trick .
football players playing football .
a biker on a dirt trail .
two hikers walking down a dirt road .
a child plays with a toy .
two people are standing next to a firetruck .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people on a mountain .
a group of people are working in the snow .
a boat is in the water .
a woman smiles at the camera .
a man is reading a laptop .
a child is eating candy .
a man looking at his computer .
a man in a white tank top is looking at a laptop .
a person holding something .
a man in a white shirt sits next to a large white mural .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting in front of a laptop .
a man is working on his laptop .
a man is sitting next to a statue .
a man is sitting next to a laptop .
a man is sitting next to a statue .
a man in a white shirt is working on a computer .
a man is sitting in front of a poster .
men playing pool .
two men playing chess .
a man is leaning over a table with a stick in his hands .
a man is playing basketball .
a man walking down the street .
a man and woman are talking on a mountain .
an older man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
people are working on a rail .
a young boy is riding a bike .
a boy rides a bicycle .
a child is riding a bike .
a boy rides a bike .
a young boy rides a bicycle .
a boy rides a bike .
a young boy is riding a bike .
a boy rides a bicycle .
a boy is standing on a rock .
an old man is walking down the street .
a man and woman are playing with their children .
an older man is playing in a park .
a man blowing bubbles .
a man in a gray shirt is looking at something .
an elderly man blowing bubbles .
a man is carving something .
an artist works on a tree .
a man is carving wood .
a man using a hammer .
a man is working on a sculpture .
a man is shoveling snow .
a little boy is looking at flowers in a store .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are on a mat .
a man is shopping .
people walking up an escalator .
a girl in a white shirt is walking .
a man riding a motorbike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a man rides a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
a man with a green helmet and black helmet riding a motorbike .
a person is looking at a mountain .
a man in a blue hard hat .
a person standing outside .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a person looking at the view .
a person in a green shirt is standing in front of a green sky .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is looking at the mountains .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
two dogs running on a field .
a black and white dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man wearing a red hat and a red hat .
a woman wearing black .
a person is walking down the street .
a girl sits next to a fountain .
a girl sitting at a fountain .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a
a person is walking down the street .
a woman sits next to a fountain .
a woman sitting next to a fountain .
two men are standing outside .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a softball player swings for a ball .
a woman poses for a picture .
a black and white dog is carrying a toy .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog is running through a forest .
a young child playing on the beach .
a little boy is sticking his tongue out .
a boy is standing in front of a tree .
a man is cooking meat .
a person sitting on a horse .
two cars on the street .
a man dancing .
a man riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a child in a red shirt is doing a handstand .
a girl in a white outfit is dancing .
a man on a college campus .
a woman in a white shirt looks into the camera .
a woman wearing glasses is smiling .
a woman in a green sweater is holding a camera in front of a window .
a woman in a green jacket taking pictures .
a photographer takes a picture .
a woman is crossing a street .
a man in a cap is looking through a glass window .
people singing .
a choir sings into a microphone .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a boy on a swing .
a boy on a swing .
a child on a swing .
a child on a swing .
a soccer player wearing a blue shirt .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a person with a red and white outfit on .
a man playing tennis .
a woman is holding a snowball .
a group of women holding a deer .
a boy pulling a cart in a cart .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a woman and her son riding down a dirt road .
a boy is walking down a dirt road .
a young boy is riding on a dirt road .
a child is riding a bike .
a boy is running down a dirt road .
a young boy pulling a rope on a dirt road .
a baseball player hitting a ball .
a group of people are gathered together .
people sleeping on a bench .
a boy in a red shirt is reading a book .
a child is reading a book .
a man laying on the floor .
a man and a child are sleeping in a tiled room .
three people are sleeping on a floor .
a man and a child are sleeping on the floor .
a man and a child are sleeping on a couch .
two children sleeping .
the floor is laying on the floor .
a man and a child are playing in a room .
a man and a small child are laying down .
a man and two children laying on the floor .
people sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are holding hands in their hands .
a policeman talks to a man in a blue shirt and a dog .
a man is shooting a gun .
a child sliding down a slide .
a woman in a red shirt is brushing her teeth .
a baby is sitting on the grass .
a cake with a cake .
a young boy helps a young boy .
a woman walking down a street .
a man standing outside a restaurant .
a person is walking down the street .
people are playing instruments .
a man is walking by an older man .
a man in a white shirt is under a red hat .
a man in a plaid shirt and jeans on a scaffolding .
three people are playing instruments .
a man is standing in front of a building .
two men playing soccer .
adults and children on stage .
a group of people are singing .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer game in the background .
two teams are playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
two men playing soccer .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a fisherman on a boat .
two men in a boat .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are in a boat .
an asian woman holding a baby .
a man is standing on the roof of a building .
a person on a bridge .
a jockey riding a horse .
a woman and a child are outside .
a little girl is standing on a sidewalk .
shoppers are walking down the street .
a group of people playing instruments .
a little boy in a pink shirt is playing with a little girl in a red shirt .
kids playing on a swing .
two people are standing outside .
a little girl is pushing a boy .
a man shooting a gun .
a man is shooting a gun .
a man in a white shirt is singing .
a man is holding a gun .
a man shooting a gun .
a man in a swimming pool .
a girl at a wedding .
a dancer in a white and white leotard is jumping .
two men wearing hats and hats .
a little girl is holding flowers .
a dog with a stick in his mouth .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman is playing tennis on a tennis court .
a black and white dog runs through the snow .
the cars are driving down the street .
a dog runs through snow .
a tennis player gets ready to hit the ball .
a woman playing tennis .
a man surfing a wave .
a white dog with its mouth open .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
a skateboarder does a trick .
two children playing in a fountain .
two police officers on the corner of a street corner .
three men are looking into the distance while another man watches .
a jockey on a bull .
a girl and a boy are walking on the street .
a girl walking down the street with a bicycle in the background .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a girl is walking down the street .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a woman dressed in white dances .
a woman dancing .
a woman in a costume .
two girls are smiling .
two women are looking at a telescope .
a person dressed in a costume .
a child is standing on a sidewalk .
two women are wearing sunglasses .
a baby is walking with a dog in its mouth .
a woman is riding a bike .
a man and a woman are walking up a hill .
people walking down the street .
two people walk down the street .
a man riding a horse .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy running a race .
a little boy in a yellow shirt is looking at the camera .
a boy in a blue shirt rides a bike .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs in the grass .
a man is practicing martial arts .
a man on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a beach .
a man surfing on the beach .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt pushing a shopping cart down the street .
men in a construction site .
construction workers are working .
two men wearing helmets .
workers are working in the street .
construction workers are working on a construction project .
a man surfing a wave .
two men are walking down the street .
two young men are standing in front of each other in front of an audience .
two young men wearing shorts .
two men standing in front of two men .
two men are standing in a field .
two men standing next to each other .
two men standing outside .
two people wait at a fair .
a woman in a laundry room .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman is pouring something from a mirror .
a person is hanging laundry .
a man and a woman are laughing and laughing .
a man is standing in a parking lot .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman working on a project with a loom .
a child looks over a body of water .
a little girl in a green rain rain swing .
a woman holding a sign in her hand .
a woman holding a camera .
a woman wearing glasses is holding a camera .
a woman holding a camera .
construction workers at a construction site .
people walking down a street .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
workers standing in a building .
construction workers standing in an operating building .
a woman prepares to take a picture .
a dog swims in a pool .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black dog running on the beach .
a woman is looking at something .
a man is holding a microphone .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a dog running in the surf .
a group of people playing drums .
a group of musicians perform for an audience .
two people at night at night .
a man is taking a picture at the camera .
men dancing .
a man is dancing with a band .
a band is playing music .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people dressed in black and white uniforms are running in a race .
a little boy plays with a ball in a park .
a man is standing on the street .
a football player is attempting to tackle a football player .
a man is putting on a show .
a group of people are watching a street performer .
a man in a tuxedo is dancing .
a man in a black and white outfit is juggling .
a man in a white shirt juggling a sword .
a man rides a wave .
an older man is cooking .
a man is preparing food .
a man is looking into the distance .
a subway station on the street .
a couple waiting for the train .
a young boy is playing with his hands .
a man cooking food .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a child is playing in the snow .
a little boy is playing outside .
a singer is standing in a grassy area .
a woman walking over a bridge .
a person with a hat and a hat .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is walking past a group of people .
a teenage boy is walking by a building .
a boy wearing a hat .
a boy is sitting on a rock .
a woman walking down the street .
a baby is crying .
a little boy is holding a ball .
two young girls are playing outside .
a young boy with a mohawk .
a woman with a blanket on her head .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a toy .
a baby is brushing his teeth .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
an elderly couple sitting at a coffee shop .
people walking down a street .
people standing on a street corner .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman is standing in front of a poster .
two puppies are playing together .
a woman is running across the street with a tennis racket in the air .
a tennis player in a white shirt is about to hit the ball .
a dog plays with a puppy .
a young man is crossing the street .
a group of young men wearing helmets .
a toddler in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a snow covered mountain .
a woman holding a paper .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
people running a race .
two people running in a marathon .
a man and woman competing in a race .
a black and white dog is jumping .
people running in a marathon .
a man with a backpack and sunglasses .
a man is cooking meat .
two horses are on horses .
a group of people sitting at a table .
three children are jumping .
two people are on a sidewalk .
two people are watching a group of people .
a crowd watches as people watch .
two people holding hands .
a group of people on horses in front of spectators .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is juggling a sword .
an old man is cooking a meal .
two men are competing in a competition .
two women are hanging out .
a group of protesters dressed in black and yellow uniforms are carrying signs .
people walking down a busy street .
a football player tries to throw a football .
a person poses for a picture .
two women talking to each other .
a woman wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a woman working on a piece of paper .
a group of people playing in the air .
a group of people playing instruments .
two people pose in front of a large red statue .
people are standing in front of an art gallery .
two people in front of a statue .
two people standing in front of a large red statue .
two people standing next to each other .
a man and woman in front of a camera .
a couple looking at a sculpture .
a man and a woman are looking at a sculpture .
a couple looking at a sculpture .
three boys playing soccer .
people watching a soccer game .
a group of people are jumping into a pool .
two dogs running in the grass .
a brown and white cow is trying to lasso a calf .
four people jump into a swimming pool .
a child on a surfboard .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man wearing a coat .
a man in a black coat is walking down a city street .
a man walking down a city street .
a man in a black coat walking .
an african american man walks in a city .
a boy rides his stomach on the beach .
two men are playing tug of war .
two men are climbing .
two men on a bull .
two people standing in front of an animal .
two cowboys try to lasso a bull .
two hockey players on the ice .
two people are falling into the air .
two hockey players struggle on ice hockey .
two hockey players on the ice .
two hockey players are fighting .
a boy is standing in front of a body of water .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a boy on a beach .
a child playing in the sand .
a boy holding a shovel .
a boy with a shovel watches a child .
a child is playing with a toy .
a family is sitting outside .
a volleyball player in a white shirt is hitting the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a child wearing a hat .
two boys are smiling .
three boys are walking down a street .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
two boys are smiling .
two boys eating outside .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a busy city street .
people walking down the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man reading a book .
a group of people riding bikes .
asian people are riding bikes .
a group of people in a room .
a woman walking down the street .
a barber shaves his shoe .
a person putting on a piece of metal .
a man working on a machine .
a man is welding a piece of metal .
a man is holding an object .
a man working on a machine .
a man reading a newspaper .
people standing next to water .
a man wearing sunglasses is reading a book .
a boy and a girl are standing outside .
people standing near a river .
two people standing next to each other .
a boy and girl standing on the shore .
a baby sleeping .
a woman and a child are outside .
people sitting on a tire swing .
a woman and a child in a park .
three people at a park .
two women are playing a game .
people are walking down a street .
a woman and a child are outside .
a girl walking down the street .
a young boy walking in front of a store .
children playing on a swing .
a small child is standing in front of a store .
a man in a blue kayak .
a man is standing in the water .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a man kayaking .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
a person in a boat in a boat .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a man paddles a canoe .
a man is standing in the water .
a boat in the water .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a child is performing a handstand .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a boy in a red shirt is playing with a red ball .
a child playing in the water at the beach .
a teenage boy is throwing a basketball at a target .
two people are playing tennis .
a tennis player on the court .
two men playing tennis .
a child is looking at an airplane .
a dog playing in the sand .
two boys are playing soccer .
two boys play football on a field .
a family is sitting on a park bench .
two children playing soccer .
a man walking along the grass .
a woman holding a child .
a little boy is looking at a little boy .
a man riding a bike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a person doing a wheelie .
a group of people are looking at something .
people standing outside .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
three people are looking at a bike .
a street vendor selling food .
a man and woman walk by a body of water .
a man in a black shirt is getting ready to throw a woman .
two women smiling .
a girl in a black dress is standing on a rock .
a woman and a little girl sit on a bench .
two women talking to each other with their hands .
two men are playing instruments .
a band playing the drums .
a group of people are playing music .
three dogs are running .
a man carrying a flag .
a young child is giving a presentation .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a large crowd .
children playing in the water .
a group of people at an event .
three dogs walking on a hill .
four men are standing in front of a sign .
a group of people at a restaurant .
people dancing on a stage .
a baby with a cat and a cat .
several people are working with food .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman standing in front of two girls .
two dogs on a hill .
a man is walking down the street .
soccer players playing soccer .
people playing in the water .
two men are doing martial arts .
a girl doing a handstand .
two people are in a room .
three boys on a river .
people on a river .
two boys on the beach .
three boys swimming in a river .
three young boys are playing on a river .
three people are sitting at a desk .
people in a room .
a woman looking at a map .
a group of people playing in the water .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman talks to a group of people .
two women looking at a map .
two women standing next to each other .
two boxers are looking at each other .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of people are gathered around a table at night .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of young children in a classroom .
a group of people are spraying water .
a person walking in front of buildings .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in front of an audience .
students sitting in a classroom .
children sitting at a table .
two children swing at a playground .
a group of children playing soccer .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women working on a project .
a group of girls are sitting on the ground .
two women working on a project .
two women working on a project .
a group of soccer players in blue and white uniforms play soccer .
a group of women in a building .
a football player in a blue uniform is running .
two men are sitting on a couch .
people are working on computers .
two women working on a project .
a group of men playing soccer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
two men fighting .
people sitting on a bench .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man is standing on a machine .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man is walking down the street .
a man surfing a wave .
a woman is walking near some balloons .
a boy in a white outfit .
a person in a blue shirt is walking .
a group of people on the beach .
a man is on a rail .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs in the water .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in a crowd .
two dogs play in the water .
a woman with long brown hair is holding a large object .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is skating .
a man is getting ready to use a large trophy .
two people are sitting on a carpet .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two men working on a building .
a group of people jumping into the air .
a large group of people are watching a swimming pool .
a group of people are jumping .
three dogs are in a swimming pool .
a young man in a blue tank top doing a handstand .
a man with a red shirt and red pants is holding onto a wall .
two people riding bikes .
a man on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a woman in a gray shirt running .
two women are walking down a stone wall .
a man in a red shirt is standing in the air .
two girls are playing in the ocean .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a young boy waits at walmart .
a group of men are shopping at a restaurant .
a teenage boy wearing a white hat and white hat .
a woman looking over a store .
a woman running a marathon .
a man is cleaning snow .
a crowd of people holding flags .
two dogs are playing with each other in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the grass .
four men standing next to each other .
a group of people playing instruments outside .
five men are playing drums .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of girls in white and white shirts are jumping rope .
a group of children are jumping rope .
people dancing .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of children are jumping rope .
a baby crying .
a baby is playing with toys .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a baby crying .
a child is looking at something .
a dog runs through the snow .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man playing with a toy .
a couple sitting at a table .
three friends posing for a picture .
a group of friends having drinks .
a group of friends taking pictures .
a group of people are holding drinks .
a group of children are jumping rope .
a group of men are celebrating .
a toddler is sitting on the floor playing with a toy .
a child is sitting on the floor playing with a toy .
a young child is playing on the floor .
a child plays with a toy on the floor .
a child plays with a toy .
a child playing with a toy .
a young child is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt smiles .
a child is sitting on the floor .
a child plays with a toy .
a boy plays with toys .
a little boy is holding a toy .
a little boy plays with toys .
a boy plays with a toy .
a boy plays with toys .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a man reading a book .
three women are walking by a staircase .
an artist is performing a handstand in a park .
a man in a white shirt is holding a sword .
several women are standing on a snowy hillside .
a group of women holding hands .
a group of women are holding hands .
two women walking down the street .
three women are sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people in a city .
a young man is sitting at a table .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young boy plays with a dog .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a video camera .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting down .
a couple sitting on a city street .
a group of people are playing in a field .
a man holding a sign .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men are pulling a hose in the water .
a dog is drinking water .
a woman in a bathing suit swims in a waterfall .
a person is looking at the camera .
a person in a blue shirt is swimming .
a dog is drinking .
a dog is drinking water .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a dog drinking .
a group of people are standing under a tree .
a young man holding a little girl on his shoulders .
a man holding a backpack .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a man and a girl are outside .
a little girl is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a little girl wearing a mask is walking down a street .
a young woman is riding a bike through the middle of a busy area .
a man and a girl are playing outside .
a man and a woman walking on the street .
a man walking down a street .
a girl wearing a mask .
a man walking down the street .
workers look at an escalator .
a group of people are working together .
workers working in a building .
a girl is standing on a chair .
a woman is making a juice .
a man is standing in front of a restaurant .
a girl is looking at a machine .
a man with a backpack is pointing .
a man in a green shirt is walking down the street .
a man is pointing .
a man in a green jacket pointing at a rifle at the sky .
a man in a striped shirt is smiling .
a child holding a golf ball .
two men are looking at the water .
a woman in a bathroom .
a man jumps into a tube .
a group of people are swimming .
a lady is getting her haircut .
a man is sitting in a home .
a woman is reading a magazine .
a nurse is in a hospital .
a man stands in front of two children .
a woman waiting to cross the street .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a woman carrying shopping bags .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman standing on a walkway .
a man in a blue shirt is making a bowl .
a cowboy riding a horse in a rodeo .
a man is playing with his son .
a woman selling goods on the cob in the kitchen .
three children are standing on the sidewalk in front of a brick building .
a woman sitting at a table with a cup .
a man and a woman are outside .
a woman and a woman sit on top of a blanket .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people on a sunny day .
a man sitting in front of a computer .
a woman is walking her bike .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is writing on a piece of paper .
a young child is eating food .
a man is looking out of a window .
a man in a gray shirt is reading a newspaper with his laptop .
a man working on a computer .
a man is looking at the street .
two guys are playing in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
people are walking down a busy street .
a group of people are running past a building .
a group of cyclists race down the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit walks down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
two scuba divers in the water .
a group of men in scuba gear pose for a picture .
people walking down the street .
four people are jumping into water .
four people are standing near a waterfall .
a group of people standing outside .
a boy stands in the sand .
a boy is standing in front of plants .
a boy wearing sunglasses .
a boy and a girl are walking in a shopping center .
people eating at a restaurant .
a couple walking through a restaurant .
a man and a girl are outside .
a man and a woman walk down a street .
a man is walking in front of a group of people .
two people walking down the street .
a man and a woman on a crowded street .
a man and woman are walking through a restaurant .
a man is working on a piece of paper .
a man is cooking bread .
a man is helping a young child .
an african american woman in a white shirt is jogging .
a car on the street .
a man is giving a thumbs up to a young boy .
a teenage boy swings a racket .
a group of people are driving on the track .
a boy is playing soccer .
a group of women in robes walk through an old building .
a man driving a yellow car .
a skateboarder in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
a woman holding her head .
two women walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a boy rides his skateboard .
a child on the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
people are swimming in the water .
a group of people playing in a pool .
four men in blue swim trunks are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are swimming .
a barber is looking at the camera .
a girl climbing a rock .
a man sitting in a chair .
a group of people are outside .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone while standing in front of a microphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a male singer in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a suit and tie is talking into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man is standing next to a fire .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is performing a show .
a man is performing a show .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
a man standing on a platform .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is using a laptop .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a dog is sleeping on a blanket .
a dog feeding two puppies .
the brown and white dog is eating .
a brown and white dog chews on its nose .
a biker rides a bike .
two men wearing cowboy hats .
a young boy blowing bubbles .
a man and a boy are holding hands .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a group of people are walking .
two people holding hands .
a woman and a dog on the beach .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a baby is sitting on a bench next to a beach .
a man is looking at something .
a person painting a picture .
a man is sitting on a bench with an umbrella .
a man is standing next to a wall .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
two people are standing by a fountain .
a bald man with a blue shirt .
a group of people walking up stairs .
a woman is looking through a microscope .
two young women looking at something .
two nurses are looking at something .
two women are taking a break .
two women are looking through a microscope .
two young women are looking through a microscope .
a group of people dressed in black and black dresses .
a boy looking at a log .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
two girls looking through microscopes .
two girls are sitting next to each other .
a woman selling food on a busy street .
two dogs play in the snow .
people walking down a street .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
three people walking down the street .
two men hugging each other .
people walking down the street .
three dancers in a parade .
two men hugging each other .
a group of people on the highway .
two men are looking at each other .
a group of people looking at papers .
a man is holding a shovel .
a dog is sitting on the ground .
a family poses for a picture .
two children playing in a pool .
a white dog is hanging from a fallen tree .
a dog sitting on a branch .
a dog on a tree .
a dog is eating .
a man playing basketball .
an older man and woman are sitting on a bench .
two elderly women are having a conversation .
two people are sitting by a rock formation .
two elderly people wearing blue shirts and blue shirts .
two elderly men are sitting and talking .
three men playing basketball .
two women are sitting on a bench .
people are eating outdoors .
two girls smiling at each other .
children are sitting on the sidewalk .
a boy is holding a kite .
a man and a woman in a costume .
two boys are sitting at a table .
two young men are sitting on a bench .
two young boys are playing on the beach .
two boys dressed in costumes .
a man and a woman are playing tennis .
a man is walking down the street .
a statue of a building .
a crowd of people in a park .
two children are wearing costumes .
a man posing for a picture .
a man taking pictures .
street vendors selling goods .
a person in a red shirt walks past a store .
a young boy playing tennis .
a boy reading a book .
people are looking at statues .
a woman taking a picture of a statue .
a man taking pictures of his camera .
a person in a long brown coat is standing next to a building while another man takes a picture .
a man taking pictures of a building .
a woman in a coat is walking down the street .
a person in a blue coat and a woman in a blue coat are playing a game of musical instruments .
three people are standing in front of a building and one is taking a picture .
a woman is standing up .
a group of people are playing music .
a guy skateboarding .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man is skating .
a man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a suit stands at a podium at a podium .
a little girl with paint on her face .
a man in a suit is speaking to a group of people .
a man on stage singing .
a person is standing in a restaurant .
a man is sitting in a room .
two girls are playing in the sand .
two girls are looking at something on the beach .
two girls standing on the beach .
two girls on the beach .
two girls on the beach .
two girls are looking at something .
two people on a beach .
people dancing on the floor .
two people on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
two boys are fighting .
a man taking a picture .
a man with a beard is walking down the street .
a man standing next to a sign .
a group of people playing cards outside on a sunny day .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of adults are sitting around a table .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of people sitting at a picnic table .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is waiting to cross the street .
two boys dressed in costumes .
a man with gray hair is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a subway tunnel .
a man in a suit .
a man in a suit is standing in a subway tunnel .
a woman is standing in a bakery .
a tennis player prepares to serve the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a person in a red shirt rides a bike .
two men are having a conversation .
a man riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man in a helmet rides a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man in a helmet rides a bike .
a man in a helmet rides a bicycle .
a person riding a bike .
people on a train .
a man and a woman are sleeping in a window .
an old man sitting on a bench .
an asian man is sitting on a train .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of girls are playing .
three girls are walking down the street .
a group of children are eating .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
three young girls are sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing in the rain .
a woman is riding a moped .
a child on a swing .
a girl is doing a handstand .
four people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
four people posing for a picture .
people posing for a picture .
people taking pictures .
four people posing for a picture .
people walking down the street .
a boy swings a swing .
a person swimming in a pool .
a group of people are swimming .
a person doing a jump .
construction workers standing outside .
a man is trying to fix something .
three people sitting on a bus .
a man in a wheelchair .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man holding a sign in front of a sign .
people sitting on a bus .
a man holding a sign .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a surfer is surfing a large wave .
a skateboarder jumps off a ramp .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
two boys skateboarding on a ramp .
a snowboarder in a black shirt is snowboarding .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
a little girl is waiting for something .
a woman is getting ready to take a picture .
a man in a blue shirt smiles .
three men are working outside .
a person in a swimming pool .
a woman is raising her hand .
two women are smiling and smiling .
a car is parked on a car .
two children are sitting at a table .
two people shop in a shop .
a woman is hanging upside down .
a man and woman are looking at a man 's hair .
a man and a woman look at something in a window .
people are looking at something in a store .
people walking down the street .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a man is standing next to a bicycle .
a man is standing in front of a bicycle while people walk by .
a bicyclist is riding a bike .
a street vendor is sitting on a bicycle .
a man trying to hit a pinata .
a man is looking at the camera .
a group of cheerleaders are having fun .
an old man is looking at a bottle .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man holding a gun .
a man prepares to hit a pinata .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a man in a long sleeved shirt and pants is standing in the snow .
a group of men are standing together .
a car drives through a car with two wheels .
a man drives a yellow motorcycle .
a man in a red shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a man and woman dancing on a stage .
a motorcyclist wearing yellow .
five people are standing outside .
two people are speaking into a megaphone .
a man in a red sweater is sitting in front of a group of people .
a blond woman looking at a tall building .
two men wearing hats .
men in blue suits in blue suits .
two young boys wearing blue shirts .
a girl standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people talking to each other .
three women are sitting on a bench .
two women are wearing hats .
a group of women in blue shirts and blue hats are sitting in front of a meeting .
two elderly women sit on a bench .
a group of women in blue shirts and blue pants are laughing and laughing .
a group of elderly women are sitting on a brick bench in front of a brick bench .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of women sit on a bench .
women sitting on a bench .
two boys shoveling snow .
an asian man rides his bike .
a man is working at a market .
people buying fish at a market .
people buying fish .
a child swims with water .
a swimmer swims in the ocean .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of children wearing white shirts at school .
two women at a bar .
two women are sitting at a bar .
a woman eating at a restaurant .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
two women are standing outside .
two women are walking down the street .
two women drinking beer .
a man walking down the street .
a woman is talking to a group of men .
a woman is looking at the camera at the camera .
three boys are talking to children .
two women are having drinks .
a group of men talking to a woman .
a man is sitting on a street .
a blond woman in a pink dress is smiling .
a man working on a window .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man and woman standing next to each other .
a woman standing next to a man .
a woman is holding a man 's hair .
a man and woman are standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a man wearing a blue cap and blue cap .
a man holding a fishing net .
a man wearing a blue hat .
a man is walking down the street .
a roller derby team is cheering .
a photographer taking pictures of the mountains .
a group of girls talking to each other .
two women are having a conversation .
a woman holding a camera .
children playing outside .
a woman is leaning over a rail on a rail .
a woman is holding her arms .
a man is standing in a restaurant .
two women kissing in a street .
a brown dog runs across the grass .
two people are standing outside .
a car drives down the road .
a lady in a pink jacket is standing outside .
two women are standing on a street .
the children are playing in the park .
people walking down a street .
three people are having a conversation .
three people are posing for a picture .
two women are talking to each other .
a group of people standing outside .
two people posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a woman crossing the road .
a cyclist is riding a bike down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
people walking down the street .
a group of men dressed in white .
a man throwing wood .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a man in a kilt is playing a game of hay .
a group of people are standing together .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench with a shopping cart in the background .
a woman is handing a cup to a man .
a woman is giving a cup to a man .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a woman giving a drink to a man .
two children are playing on the beach .
a woman and a boy playing outside .
a group of children playing outside .
a child and a child are playing in the ocean .
a group of people wearing hats .
two people playing in the ocean .
two people playing in the water .
a boy and a young boy are playing in the ocean .
a young boy is standing next to a little girl in the sand .
a woman in a blue shirt and shorts picking up something in a plastic bag .
two young boys are playing in a pool .
people are walking down a street .
a person riding a bicycle .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a woman riding a bicycle .
a woman riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a family plays in the bathroom .
a man walking down a sidewalk .
a little girl wearing a colorful dress .
two men practicing martial arts .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a girl in a green shirt is running .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man practicing karate moves .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of people are walking down the street at the side of the road .
people walking down the street .
a boy is walking through town .
a black and white dog jumping .
two dogs play in the grass .
a brown and white dog jumping over a fence .
a woman stands next to a woman .
a dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
a group of people are outside .
a little boy is playing with toys .
a man in a black shirt is laughing .
a young child is laughing .
a man plays with a boy .
people performing on stage .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man in a black coat rides a bike .
a man rides his bike .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man wearing a helmet rides his bike .
a man rides his bike in the mud .
an old man sitting on a bench .
an elderly man rides a bicycle .
an older man rides a bicycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a man riding a bike down a path .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bicycle on a sunny day .
a man is walking down the street .
an old man rides a bike .
an old man rides a bike in a park .
people dancing .
a yellow truck is standing on the street .
a dog jumps to catch a tennis ball .
a couple dancing on a dance floor .
people are on the grass .
two dogs jumping .
a female athlete balances on a rail .
a person is on a boat .
a worker is looking at the camera .
a man is riding a bike .
a man skiing in the snow .
a person in a wetsuit is climbing a rock .
a man is standing on a rock .
a couple enjoying an amusement park .
a man in a green shirt is hugging a young boy in a green shirt .
two children climbing a rock .
a woman stands in a man 's hand .
a woman in a white shirt reaches into a man 's hair .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a woman puts her hand into the camera .
a woman in a blue shirt is smiling .
a group of girls are playing soccer .
children playing in a park .
a woman with a hat walks with a man .
a teenage boy jumps over a railing .
a man on a bike doing a trick on a bicycle .
a man riding a bike .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy riding a horse .
a person riding a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt rides a bike .
a child riding a horse .
a child rides a horse .
a man is riding a bike on a bike .
a red and white race car is going down a track .
a man sleeping on a bench .
three people are on the grass .
three boys are standing outside .
a kayaker wearing protective gear .
two boys are shoveling snow .
two children pulling a cart pulled by a donkey .
a donkey pulling a cart in a cart .
a little boy pushing a cart full of hay on the sidewalk .
a kayaker flies through the water .
people sitting outside .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people sitting by a fountain .
people are standing in the water .
a man in a red jacket is skiing down a snowy mountain .
a woman standing next to a car .
a woman with a red and white car .
a woman in a blue dress is standing next to a car .
a woman is standing in front of a house .
a woman stands in front of a fireplace .
a man snowboarding .
a man is snowboarding .
a man in a black jacket is snowboarding down the street .
a man is skiing down a snowy mountain .
a man snowboarding .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a person wearing a leather jacket .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist on a motorcycle .
a man is sliding down a mountain .
a group of people at a bar .
a football game .
two people are sitting on a bench .
people are watching a baseball game .
people watching a baseball game .
a baseball team is standing on a field with a soccer ball .
a baseball game in front of a crowd of people .
baseball players standing on a field .
a group of people watching a soccer game .
a man in a blue shirt pulling a fishing pole .
a person in a black coat is walking .
a boy is taking pictures of a mountain .
a child taking a picture with a camera .
a child stands in the grass .
a young man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is doing a work .
a child in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a boy takes a picture in a park .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
a boy looking through a camera .
a young boy is looking through a camera .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man in a yellow hat is fishing into the water .
a little boy is holding a camera .
a man is fishing into the water as he fishes into the water .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping off the side of a snowy mountain .
a man using a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone while another man looks on .
a group of people in a vehicle .
a group of people are looking at a window .
a group of people are riding bikes .
two people are looking out the window of a window .
a group of people looking out the windows of a bus .
a man is walking down the street .
people sitting on a bus .
a group of people are sitting on a bus .
a group of people riding on a bus .
a group of people are sitting at a bus stop .
people sitting on a bus .
people are looking at a window .
two men work in front of a window .
a group of people are working on a window .
a group of people are gathered together .
workers cleaning windows .
two men working on a roof .
construction workers are working outside .
a crowd of people standing in a square .
a busy street .
people listening to a presentation .
two men working at a construction site .
people in a park .
a man in a black shirt playing a guitar .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking .
a construction worker is working on a ladder .
people are riding motorcycles .
a young woman slides down a slide .
two young men play a game .
two children climbing a rock .
two men riding motorcycles in front of a crowd .
a crowd watches a crowd .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people are running down the street .
two dogs run down the street .
a bride is taking a picture of a woman at a party .
a family poses for the camera in front of a lake .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a bride and three girls at a wedding reception .
a young girl sitting on a bench .
a child is holding a child .
a girl is sitting on the sidewalk .
a girl is sitting on the ground .
two men wearing helmets .
a boy reading a book .
people walking down a city street .
a woman is reading a book .
two men working on a roof .
a man holding a camera .
a man in a sweater sits at a desk with a child on their lap .
a man is playing with a dog .
a man riding a bike with his dog .
a man rides a bike in the water .
a man with a dog on a leash on a leash .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike with a dog .
a woman sitting at a table .
a man walking a dog .
a woman laying down on a bench .
a woman laying down on a bench .
a woman laying on the floor on the floor .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
three people are looking at something .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man cutting wood with wood .
four dogs on the beach .
two girls are running along the beach .
two dogs on the beach .
a man getting ready to do a trick .
a group of people are walking .
a woman holding a child .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
a mother is helping her daughter .
a woman in a pink outfit is talking on her cellphone .
a man riding a dirt bike through a forest .
four women posing on the beach .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a woman is giving a speech .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man stands at a stadium .
construction workers in orange vests and orange jackets .
a group of workers are preparing for the day .
a group of people are standing outside .
construction workers waiting at a construction site .
a group of construction workers waiting around .
a woman in a city .
a large group of people are walking on a sunny day .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman is performing .
a woman in a dress is playing a keyboard in front of an audience .
a woman in a white dress is playing a keyboard and singing into a microphone .
a man performing a trick .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a dog walks through the snow .
a brown dog is standing on the beach .
a dog on the beach .
a dog walks along the beach .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people are performing .
a man and a woman wearing a white shirt .
two people wearing white shirts and white shirts .
a group of people in white and white shirts .
five people are cheering .
five people are cheering .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people are cheering .
two martial artists perform on stage .
two martial artists pose .
two martial artists are wrestling .
a man and woman celebrating a martial arts class .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
two people holding guns .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
two wrestlers competing in a match .
two martial artists compete in a match .
two men fighting .
two wrestlers competing in a match .
a group of people are on stage .
a person in an orange outfit is doing a handstand .
a woman in a black shirt works at a loom .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman in an orange shirt weaving .
a woman in a helmet is riding a bike .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman standing in front of a green building .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a hat .
a woman holding a balloon .
a man with a blue shirt and blue jeans with a blue shirt .
a boat with birds flying over the water .
a group of men are standing together .
people are walking on the street .
a man and a woman in a boat .
two men wearing red pants .
two men , one wearing a red shirt and the other in red .
a person in a red shirt is doing a flip .
two men performing a trick .
two men are doing a trick on a ladder .
a group of men wearing orange shirts and pants .
a group of people riding bikes .
a young boy is cooking .
two men playing frisbee in a field .
two men playing frisbee .
a man and a woman are running .
a woman eating in a restaurant .
three men in black jackets stand behind a desk .
three men standing behind a desk .
people are standing in front of a building .
two men are standing on a field .
two men are standing in front of computers .
a soldier in a military uniform stands on a podium .
a man standing next to a dog .
soldiers standing at a podium .
a military soldier at a military event .
a man standing next to a dog .
a man is walking his dog in front of a crowd .
three men standing around a table .
three men are standing in front of a crowd .
a man is walking a dog .
three men are looking at a dog .
three men are talking to each other .
a group of people at an event .
women walking down the street .
a group of people standing in the street .
a man in a white shirt is getting ready to do some sort of work .
people walking in high heels .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
people walking on the street .
people walking down a city street .
a busy city street with buildings in the background .
people walking down a street .
people are walking on the beach .
two men carrying their bags .
two people carrying a lot of objects .
a man is sitting in a room .
a child in a blue shirt is playing on a playground .
a child in a classroom .
a child is blowing bubbles .
a boy in a classroom .
a small boy in a classroom .
a girl is standing on a road .
two women are looking at a meeting .
a man playing an accordion in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is waving .
a woman is balancing on her head .
a woman is standing in the street .
a woman is getting her hair done .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is shaving .
a man taking a picture .
a person dressed as a clown .
a man in a leather jacket is taking a picture .
a person taking pictures .
a girl swimming in a pool .
three dogs are playing together .
a woman in a white shirt is bending down .
two dogs are sitting next to each other .
a little boy jumps on a trampoline .
three dogs play in the snow .
a girl in a pink dress is running .
a group of children sitting at a park bench .
a group of young children walk under a tree .
a group of children are standing under a tree .
a group of teenagers are hanging upside down .
a woman walking down a street .
two people riding a horse .
a group of people are petting a pony .
a young child is petting a goat .
a child chases a small child on a brown horse .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of men sit on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a ledge .
a man standing in front of a store .
a boy is jumping from a stool .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a man is holding a laptop .
a market full of produce and vegetables .
a man is standing on a rock .
a artist painting an artist .
a person on a rock .
a woman walking past a store .
people enjoying a meal at a restaurant .
a man is carving a hammer .
a man smiling .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man riding a horse .
a black dog jumps into the water .
a brown dog jumps into the water .
a hiker walks through the snow .
a person in front of a white building .
a person walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a black jacket and black hat is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
two people are walking up a hill .
a person is walking down the road .
a child holding a child 's hand .
a little girl wearing a yellow dress .
a toddler chewing on a toy .
a baby is playing on the floor .
children playing in water .
a group of children playing in the water .
people walking in the shade .
children playing in water .
a woman working on a loom .
girls standing in a line .
a group of girls dance in a line .
a woman is holding a young girl in a train .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is walking down the street .
a man relaxing on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
people are standing in an airport .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a woman is preparing food .
a group of people in a field .
a small dog runs through the grass .
a white dog is walking through a yellow tube .
a small dog plays with a toy .
a group of people playing basketball .
passengers waiting for a plane .
a dog in a tube .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a group of girls dancing .
a girl is sitting on a swing .
a woman on a slide .
a woman on a slide .
a woman is riding down a slide .
a woman playing tennis .
a man is using a microphone to a guitar .
a dog running on the street .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
an old man looking at a painting .
a dog is walking down the street .
two men are holding hands .
a man on a horse .
a man on a horse at a sporting event .
a man riding a horse .
a group of men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing blue , are riding a horse .
a woman is walking down a street .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a woman is getting her hair done .
a woman getting her hair done .
a woman looking at another woman .
a man is brushing his teeth .
children playing soccer .
a man getting a haircut .
three people are skiing .
two hockey players look into the puck .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
four people are playing basketball .
a person in a black sweater is painting in front of a river .
a man is painting .
a man is using a painting .
a person walking down the street .
a woman sitting on steps .
a woman is sitting on the steps .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man with a microphone is speaking into a microphone .
a man climbing a rock .
three hockey players compete in a hockey game .
a man in a red shirt climbing a rock .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sleeping on a park bench .
a man sleeping in a park bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing in the woods .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping in the middle of a busy area .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping in a city .
a woman holding two puppies .
two men playing musical instruments .
two men are playing instruments .
two men are playing a trumpet .
two men playing guitar .
two young girls playing a trumpet .
two men are talking to each other .
a man holding two puppies .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man riding a bull in a rodeo .
a man in a stadium .
a bull is being thrown by a bull .
a bull in a stadium .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man in a stadium .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are cleaning up a park .
people cleaning up a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a park .
a little girl wearing a blue shirt .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman is making something .
a woman making pottery .
a woman making pottery .
an african american woman is using a broom .
children are jumping into a pile of leaves .
a woman is throwing a pot .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
an african american woman holding a broom .
a woman is holding a pot .
a woman is standing next to a pile of leaves .
a woman is holding a broom .
a woman making pottery .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
two construction workers are working together .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two dogs sled through the snow .
two dogs sled through the snow .
a group of people are standing together .
two men in red dresses in red dresses .
a group of people are running in a field .
a man pushes a shopping cart .
a man in a blue jacket is standing in the street .
two men running on a track .
a man pushing a shopping cart .
a group of people playing music .
two men playing guitars on stage .
a band performs on stage .
two men playing guitars .
two men play guitars on stage .
a woman is painting a picture of a man .
a black and white dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a grill .
a group of people walking down the street .
people on a hill .
a group of men in white shirts .
a little boy wearing a jacket .
people shopping in a store .
a group of girls are standing on a sidewalk .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a man is talking .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is using a machine .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a car drives through the snow .
a woman is taking a phone .
a woman running in a race .
a child jumping from a raft .
a woman is taking a phone .
two young girls are having fun .
two girls talking to a woman .
a teacher is listening to her teacher .
a young girl jumping in midair .
a girl on a scooter .
a young lady in a red shirt jumping into the air .
a girl in a red shirt jumping in the air .
a man and a woman are making crafts .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man and a boy are at work .
a group of people standing outside .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a security officer stands in front of a gate .
a group of people on the side of the road .
a group of people holding hands .
an orchestra is listening to music .
a group of people taking pictures .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a hat is holding a rope .
a man jogging down the street .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs on the beach near the water .
a dog stands on the beach .
a dog swims in the water .
people shopping at a market .
a child is sleeping on the ground .
a blond woman wearing a blue shirt .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a female tennis player jumping .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a group of teenagers sitting next to water .
two people are standing at a gas station .
a man with an orange shirt is carrying an escalator .
three girls are playing outside .
a family enjoying a picnic .
a man in a room in a room .
a group of men and two men are sitting at a table .
a man is standing in a room .
a group of people are standing together .
a man standing in front of a building .
a man is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man in a wedding gown smiles .
a person is standing on his head .
a man taking a picture .
a woman is rollerskating .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a blue wall .
a person in a black shirt is taking a picture .
a man leaning against a wall .
a man stands in front of a blue wall .
a woman pouring a drink .
a boy plays the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman wearing a bikini .
a woman is serving a drink at a restaurant .
a woman in a white bikini is pouring a drink into a bottle of water .
a woman is taking a drink .
a woman in a white bikini and a white bikini .
a woman in a white shirt is serving a drink .
a man in a city .
a man jumping into a fountain .
a man is playing in a fountain .
a man carrying a basket on his head .
a man with a basket on his head .
a man carries a basket on his head .
a person in a blue shirt is walking on the road .
an old man is sleeping on a bench in front of a large tree with a man in the background .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
an old man is sleeping on the grass .
a man climbs a tree .
a man with a beard and a beard .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are outside .
two elderly women sit at a table .
a motorcyclist jumps off a ramp .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
two women are working together .
a woman working on a loom .
two women working on a sewing machine .
a woman sits behind a sewing machine .
a woman in a white shirt is talking to a man who is wearing a black shirt and a scarf .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
two people in a car .
a plane drives by a plane .
a man in a white shirt is looking out the window .
a man working on a machine .
a man is using a microphone .
a man is sewing a sewing machine .
a man in a black shirt is applying makeup .
a man is standing in the shade .
three men are standing in a store .
people working in a kitchen .
a man standing at a store .
two men are helping each other .
three men working together .
a little boy is blowing bubbles on a cake .
a dog stands outside .
a young boy is blowing bubbles on a birthday cake .
people walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
three people walking down the street .
a birthday cake on a cake .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a young woman poses for a picture .
a girl is sitting on a stool .
a young girl in a pink sweater and pink sweater is hanging from her face .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a little girl in a pink dress is posing for a picture .
a girl is sitting on a couch .
a woman is covering her face .
a woman wearing a black and white dress .
a man playing a guitar .
a person is standing under a tent .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a white , white , white , and white striped shirt is playing the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is taking a break from the rain .
football players playing football .
a football player running down the field .
two teams are playing soccer .
football players playing football .
a group of people playing a game .
two teams playing soccer on a field .
a football game with a football game .
football players playing football .
two children are waiting to cross the street .
a person in a blue shirt is crossing the street .
a man is walking across the street .
two boys playing basketball .
a man on a horse at an event .
a football player tries to throw a football .
a band performs on stage .
a man wearing a suit .
a police officer is looking at something .
a worker smoking a cigarette .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man holding a large snowball .
a man is walking down the street .
a man picking up trash .
a man looking at directions .
a man is walking down the street .
people preparing food for food .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
people waiting for coffee .
a group of people are standing in line .
customers are eating .
people waiting at a shop .
customers waiting for customers waiting for customers .
customers waiting for customers at a restaurant .
a police officer stands by the water .
a police officer looking at the water .
a man is looking at something .
a young boy walking down the street .
a man is fishing into the water .
a woman walking under a blue umbrella .
a woman standing in the rain .
a woman walking in the rain with a large black bag .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is singing at an outdoor concert .
a woman walking in the rain .
two boys playing in the water .
a young girl in a pink shirt is dancing .
a group of people are eating food on a table .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man in a white shirt is cutting something into a box of meat .
people walk past a store .
a dog runs down a path .
a child holding an award .
two girls are laughing .
women preparing food .
two women at a bar .
two women are standing next to a fruit box .
a man and woman in a kitchen .
a man in a black shirt is doing a skateboarding trick .
three people riding on a large jump .
a man is skateboarding .
a man is holding an object .
two people on a boat .
an older man is standing outside .
a couple kissing and kissing .
people are standing outside .
a couple kissing outside a large building .
a man and woman kissing .
a child is holding a pole .
a child is sleeping on a striped pillow .
a child is looking at a bed .
a boy sleeping on a bench .
a child is sleeping on the ground .
a woman painting a picture .
an employee is standing at a gas station .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a group of people standing outside a pizza shop .
an elderly woman painting a picture .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a boy is jumping into the water .
an elderly woman is painting a picture of a woman .
people are walking in a store .
people buying produce at a market .
a street vendor selling food .
a marketplace full of vegetables .
a street vendor selling food .
a market full of fruits and vegetables on the street .
a street vendor selling food .
people are shopping .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing guitar .
a man and woman are facing each other .
a man with a ponytail is standing next to a woman with a guitar .
a man playing an accordion .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a dark suit and tie is playing a saxophone while standing next to a woman in a blue shirt and jeans while standing next to her .
a young blond haired woman is playing a saxophone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man and a woman are playing instruments in front of a microphone .
a man in a suit stands next to a woman .
a man playing a guitar .
a blond woman with blond hair is smiling .
a young blond woman sits next to a man in a suit .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are jumping in the air on a stage .
three people are wearing pink shirts .
people eating food outside .
a group of girls are jumping into the air .
a young girl is mixing eggs in a kitchen .
two people are reading a sign in front of a museum .
two women wearing skirts .
a dog running through the grass .
a little girl with her mouth open .
a black and white dog .
a child is making a face .
a blond girl poses for the camera .
two men holding a basket .
a man wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is pointing to his cause .
a man is standing next to another man .
two men wearing glasses .
a man wearing a cap and a baseball cap .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are talking .
two men wearing orange vests and hard hats are standing next to a pole with a pole in the background .
a man is talking to a man .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man stands in front of a picture .
a man holding something .
a woman buying something from a cart .
a woman enjoying a meal at a restaurant .
a basketball player attempts to block the ball .
a skier skiing down a snowy hill .
two people walking down the street .
two women are sitting at a bar with drinks .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sits at a table in front of a glass table .
a woman sitting at a bar .
three children are playing outside .
a snowboarder doing a jump .
a black and white dog is sitting in the sand .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of young children in a classroom .
young girls playing in the water .
a dog is running through the snow .
children playing in the water .
a band performs for a crowd of people .
a band is playing music .
people at an outdoor concert .
two girls eating lunch .
a group of children are playing outside .
two girls eating outside .
four girls are sitting outside .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
a man riding a bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a woman stand at a fruit stand .
a boy is standing on a rock .
two men pushing a cart .
an asian man is walking down the street .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is walking on a stone walkway .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is walking on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man in a kilt .
a man in a kilt .
a man in a kilt in a field .
a woman sitting at a table .
a person playing with a toy .
a man taking a picture in front of graffiti .
a man taking pictures of a graffiti covered wall .
a man is standing next to a wall .
people are walking down a city street .
many people are walking along a brick wall .
a woman wearing a red shirt is walking past a woman wearing a red shirt .
a group of people walking on a sidewalk .
people walking down a busy street .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a baby is holding a baby .
a man riding a bike on the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is snowboarding .
a man working on fire .
a man working on fire .
a couple sitting in a canoe .
a boy plays with a toy .
a woman is holding a baby .
people are getting ready to board a board .
people hiking through a forest .
a photographer holding a camera .
a woman wearing a dress .
a group of people singing .
a man is juggling knives .
a woman is holding a dog .
two young women are wearing coats and sunglasses .
a woman is raising her hand .
a young woman is about to play ice hockey .
a woman is opening a present .
two women are walking down the street .
three boys play in a yard .
a man does a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a woman speaking to a crowd of people .
two women talking to each other .
two people are walking down the street .
a man juggling fire .
a group of women are talking to each other .
people are climbing through a fence in a fence .
a woman and her daughter are walking on a subway train .
a car drives down the street .
two men walking down the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman holding a camera .
a man wearing a hat is sitting on a curb .
a woman in a pink shirt with a pink shirt .
a woman in a black dress is walking .
two people racing on bicycles .
men in colorful costumes .
a group of asian men are practicing martial arts .
a crowd of people dressed in costumes .
a woman hula hoops .
a woman in a white shirt is shaking a hula hoop .
a woman with long hair hula hoops .
a girl swings a hula hoop .
a man diving into a pool .
a man in a blue shirt and blue pants rides a bicycle down the street .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a construction worker directing traffic .
a man is driving a car .
a child sits on a rock in the water .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a man repairing a bus .
two men chase a soccer ball .
a construction worker wearing a hard hat .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a project .
two men playing football .
a man is waiting for his train stand .
a child is sleeping in a wheelchair .
a shoe waits for customers .
a person waits for a customer waiting for a customer .
a vendor waits for customers .
a man waiting for customers .
a shoe waits for customers .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a young girl is using a baby doll .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a pink shirt sleeping on a wooden floor .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a girl sleeping on a bench .
two little girls are sleeping on a couch .
a little girl is sleeping on a couch .
a little girl is sitting at a table .
a little girl is sitting on a couch .
a man is smiling .
a boy walking down the street .
a man is smiling at something .
a man is watching a group of people .
a young girl rides her bike .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man smoking a cigarette in front of a building .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man sitting on a bench .
two women walking .
a group of people are pushing equipment .
people are working in a restaurant .
a group of people are carrying a large piece of metal .
a group of people are working on a patient .
three people are working on a machine .
a person standing in a dimly lit room .
a woman wearing a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is standing on a sidewalk .
two girls standing at a train station .
a girl wearing a pink shirt .
two men are working in a workshop .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a woman is looking at something .
a person wearing a red shirt .
three boys playing in the ocean .
a group of people on a boat .
a group of people are outside near boats .
a man and a woman are eating .
a family enjoys a picnic .
people standing outside .
a family is having fun .
a man with glasses is holding glasses .
two babies are sitting next to each other .
kids playing soccer .
a group of children are sitting in a highchair .
two young children playing in a playground .
a man playing a guitar .
a man on a motorcycle .
a man smiling .
a man is sitting on a vehicle .
a man in a car .
a man is driving a car .
a man and a woman are looking at the camera .
an older man is sitting on the wheel of a car .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
two women having a conversation .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a large crowd of people are gathered in a parade .
a group of people gathered around a theater .
a group of people at a fair .
a group of people at a fair .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy is sitting in the sand .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man with a blue umbrella is getting ready to throw a blue umbrella .
a man sits on a beach with an umbrella in the background .
a man relaxing on the beach .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a man wearing a mask .
a group of girls standing together .
two firefighters look at something .
a dog runs through the grass .
two women are in a lab .
a woman is showing another woman 's hair .
a swimmer is wearing goggles .
a man swimming .
a man in swimming trunks is swimming underwater .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man in a baseball cap .
a man in swimming trunks and goggles swimming in a pool .
a swimmer in a swimming pool .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
a dancer poses for a picture .
a football game with a football in the background .
a man is riding a bicycle .
people are reading books .
a young girl is playing the violin .
a woman is walking down a busy street .
a girl is riding a bike .
a woman with tattoos on her head is riding a bike .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two men competing in a competition .
a martial arts student kicks his opponent in a karate match .
a man is leaning against a railing .
children are sitting at a table .
a person on a jet ski .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is leaning against a car next to a car .
a person on a jet ski .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man is walking down the street .
a skier on a mountain .
a man and a woman are jogging in a marathon .
a group of girls playing soccer .
a group of people are eating food .
two girls are playing volleyball .
kids playing in a park .
a child plays with a small child .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child are eating food .
people are eating .
two people are eating a meal .
an elderly woman is sitting at a table .
a boy with painted face painted face paint .
a group of young children having fun .
a girl reading a book .
two girls in school uniforms .
two children are sitting in front of a chalkboard and one is reading a book .
a girl reading a book .
a black dog running .
a girl on a beach .
a girl on a beach .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a park bench .
a girl doing a handstand on the beach on the beach .
a child is sitting on the grass .
a man and a woman are on a boat .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
three dogs are playing together .
three dogs in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
three dogs are playing together .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a group of people waiting for a performance .
a band performs for a concert .
a band performing on stage .
a group of young boys in a classroom .
two girls pose for a picture .
a group of people are talking .
a child with face paint .
a young girl is standing in front of flowers .
a little girl is holding her face .
a girl holding an umbrella .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a person riding a bike .
a girl is fishing .
a building with graffiti on it .
a girl is fishing .
a young girl is fishing in the water .
a woman fishing .
a man on a skateboard .
a man is holding a stick in his mouth .
two girls sit on a bench .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a man reading a book .
a group of women sitting on a bench .
two young women are walking down the street .
people sitting around a table .
two men walking down the street .
a hockey player is playing hockey .
a hockey player in a blue uniform is being tackled .
a hockey player attempts to block the puck .
a dark haired man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking across the street .
two women are wearing white coats .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a crosswalk .
a middle aged man wearing a white shirt is walking down the street .
men walking down the street .
a family poses for a wedding .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people gather outside .
people standing in a church .
a group of people are holding flags and flags .
a father and son pose for a picture .
two men are looking at the sky .
a group of people are eating food .
two teenagers are looking at each other .
two men are eating a meal .
two young men are eating .
a person in a robe is standing in a church .
a worker cleaning a hose .
a worker working on a fence .
a person looking at something .
a man is working on a wall .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building .
a woman in a dress .
a group of people sitting at a desk .
a man in a green shirt is running .
a group of runners running in the london olympics .
a band performs on stage .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people on a boat .
a woman in the middle of a street .
a person walking with an umbrella .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a roller derby .
a woman is looking at her purse .
a woman is walking down the street .
children are gathered around a table .
a woman waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
a person walking down the street .
an asian man walks with a shopping bag .
a man walking down a street .
a man walking down the sidewalk carrying a plastic bag .
a woman in a blue shirt stands in front of a motorcycle .
two girls are posing for the camera .
a group of people are praying .
two monks are sweeping the floor .
a martial arts class is practicing martial arts .
a group of students in a martial arts class .
two men in front of a crowd .
a man riding a yellow tractor in a rodeo .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a tractor on a sunny day .
a person riding a bike .
a man is riding a vehicle .
a man riding a bike .
a person is walking through the woods .
a group of people are running .
a dog is playing with a dog .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a person riding a motorcycle down the road .
three skiers in the snow .
two young boys are playing soccer .
people are walking down the street .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman wearing a tank top .
a girl is skateboarding .
a group of athletes running in the snow .
a woman is skateboarding .
a person in the snow .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are jumping in the snow .
a group of people are making a garden .
a man is shoveling snow .
two men are skiing .
a man playing with a dog .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a person is sitting on a bench with a dog .
a brown and white dog lays on the ground .
a woman is standing on a mountain .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people wearing hard hats and helmets .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a child looking at the camera .
a person sitting on a bench .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of kids playing baseball .
two women are standing next to each other .
children playing baseball .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a group of people in front of a church .
a man is giving a presentation to a statue of a statue .
a man with a backpack is walking down a sidewalk .
a man is holding a candle .
a person is holding a candle .
a man is holding a candle .
a group of people are making art .
two people are standing outside .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a group of people riding bikes .
a worker is sweeping .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man playing soccer .
a dog is running through the water .
a soccer player on the field .
a man is watching a soccer game .
a soccer stadium in a stadium .
a soccer game in a stadium .
a stadium full of people watching .
people watching a soccer game .
a soccer game in a stadium .
a little girl is holding a bottle of war .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is sitting on a chair on a chair in a chair .
a person walking down the street .
a man is carving a statue of a statue .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man using a hammer .
a dog is standing next to a tree .
a woman wearing a white shirt .
an elderly woman wearing a blue and white dress .
two boys playing outside .
a man in a hard hat and hard hat is cleaning the rapids .
two men wearing military fatigues .
a young girl is washing dishes .
a little girl is brushing her baby .
a young girl is using a sink .
a boy rides a dirt bike .
two dogs are fighting .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a young child playing with a toy .
people walking down the street .
a family is watching a child .
a man is helping a boy with a hose .
a black dog is running through the water .
a child plays on a merry go round .
people riding bikes .
a man singing into a microphone .
a group of people in a race .
a man in a black shirt performing a trick .
people are riding bikes .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a person is crossing the street .
a woman in a striped shirt is smiling .
a young boy is drawing a picture .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a suit .
two people are cooking .
a man is crossing the street .
a young boy is doing a handstand .
a boy is getting ready to hit a basketball .
a child in a blue shirt and jeans is playing with a piece of metal .
a boy is working on a project .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing on an anvil .
a woman in a costume .
a group of people are walking up stairs .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman wearing a white dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people walking up stairs .
construction workers are working on the street .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog is running through the water .
kids playing soccer .
people climbing stairs .
a dog swims in the water .
two dogs play in the grass .
two people are watching each other .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
three people are standing next to a pile of buckets .
three men and a woman are working on a project .
three people are working together .
a group of cheerleaders jump in the air .
two men buying produce at a market .
a girl is holding a plastic box .
two men are talking .
two men are looking at food .
two men are standing by a wooden structure .
an artist painting a picture .
a woman is walking down a street .
a woman is writing on a piece of paper .
a woman drawing a portrait .
people sitting on a bench .
a bird is sitting in the water .
people gathered around a balcony .
a duck swims in the water .
a group of people watch a building .
three people are walking down the street .
a duck runs through water .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
two young girls holding hands .
an older man in front of a crowd of people in front of a crowd of people .
a man shaves his beard .
an older man in a black shirt is playing an accordion .
a man with a beard with a beard on his face with a beard on his face .
a man with a beard is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man shaving his beard .
a worker in an orange vest is working .
a man sitting in front of an audience .
a man in a blue shirt is giving a speech .
a group of people are standing together .
a man shaving another man 's hair .
a man is giving a presentation .
a man is shaving his head .
a man working on a project .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a man in a black jacket is looking at a woman .
a man and woman wearing coats .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young asian girl is holding a bag .
a young asian girl in an orange outfit is smiling .
a woman is holding a camera .
a young girl smiles .
a young girl smiles at the camera .
a woman is looking at plants in a mall .
a person wearing a backpack .
a woman is holding a backpack .
children playing in the water .
a group of people are buying ice cream from a truck .
a man selling food on the street .
a blond woman is sitting on a couch .
a man is holding something .
a man with a beard and a mustache .
a man wearing a black hat .
a man is swinging a bat .
a man with a beard .
a group of children sitting next to a fountain .
two boys stand near a fountain .
two boys playing outside .
children playing in a park .
two boys playing in a field .
a man holding a rifle .
a band performing on stage .
a group of cheerleaders dancing .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
people walking through a river .
a black and white dog jumping .
a group of people hold hands .
a large crowd of people in a field .
a biker is taking a bike .
a dog playing with a frisbee .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a young boy is walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a woman on a roller coaster .
a little girl is skating on a trampoline .
a woman is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a child is holding something .
a young girl is doing gymnastics .
a man relaxing on a bench .
a man in a striped shirt rides a bicycle .
a man wearing a hat is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting by a bicycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is walking down the street in the woods .
a man sitting on a bench .
an older man is walking down the street .
an elderly man relaxing on a patio .
an older man is riding a bike .
an elderly man is sleeping on a bench .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
people are buying ice cream .
a musician playing the drums .
a man playing guitar in a park .
a man and a woman are playing music .
a man playing a guitar on the street .
a man sits in front of a white building playing an accordion .
a group of men in blue shirts are paddling through a river .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black jacket and a woman in a black jacket are standing outside .
a group of people playing music .
a band plays outside .
people playing on the beach .
a group of people playing on the beach .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a man is playing drums .
people walking on a street .
a woman carrying a bag of groceries .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a group of children are playing in a restaurant .
a man playing the drums .
two dogs fighting .
a group of people are standing on the street .
a woman in white walking down the street .
a man standing on a roof .
a young girl holding a bottle .
a woman throwing a frisbee .
a man at a restaurant .
a man is dancing .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black jacket is riding a large horse .
a woman is crossing the street .
a woman running across the street .
a girl in a white tank top is talking on a cellphone .
two men stand at a food stand .
a man is holding a woman 's hair .
a man and woman stand at a vegetable stand .
two men are standing in front of a counter and a man holding a woman in a white dress .
a group of people standing at a vegetable stand .
a person rock climbing .
a woman carries her daughter .
a man wearing jeans .
two girls playing frisbee .
a man using a hammer .
a man working on a project .
a man painting a ladder on a ladder .
people are swimming in the water .
a couple smiling .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is watching another man .
a group of people are at a kitchen .
a group of people gather for a protest .
a large group of people are meeting .
a couple enjoying a meal .
two women talking on a bench .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a group of people are standing in a vehicle .
two people walking on a snowy hill .
a group of people are talking .
people looking at a train .
a person walking down the street .
a woman taking a picture on the beach .
a group of girls in a classroom .
a mountain covered mountain .
two climbers climbing a mountain .
two people climbing a mountain .
two climbers are climbing up a snowy mountain .
people on a snowy mountain .
a man stands in the sun .
a boy in a market .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a boy stands in the alley .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a child is splashing in a pool .
a little boy splashes in a pool .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a small child playing with a pool .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of students in a classroom .
a man is looking at a bird in a tree .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a person jumping off a large rock .
a person in a desert .
a person walking down the street .
a person rock climbing in the desert .
two girls play in a field .
a soccer player is running .
a group of children playing soccer .
a little girl poses for a picture .
a person is standing in the street .
a football player running the bases .
a girl walking down the street .
bicyclists racing down a road .
a child is standing on a rock .
a young woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking .
a mountain with mountains in the background .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man in black is walking on a road .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man is walking across the street .
a man dressed in traditional clothing poses for a picture .
a man in a suit is walking alone .
a man standing at a podium .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a suit is walking across the street .
two children playing in a park .
kids playing on a slide .
children playing on a playground .
a group of people playing outside .
children playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
two kids playing on a slide .
an elderly woman is walking down a street with graffiti in the background .
a man is getting his haircut .
three children are playing in a pool .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
a child runs through the grass .
men dancing in the street .
a group of people are dancing .
men in a parade .
men dancing in a parade .
a child running in the grass .
a group of people standing on stairs .
children at a fair .
two girls are standing outside .
four asian women are standing on a street corner .
a group of asian girls are standing on a street .
two girls playing outside .
four children are standing next to a street .
four girls are standing on the street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people holding umbrellas .
a group of people are standing in front of a building with a blue umbrella .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of people are standing in front of a set of stairs .
a group of people are standing on the stairs .
people crossing the street .
two construction workers are standing next to each other .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
three people are standing outside a building .
three men are sitting on the ground .
three men are working on a scaffold .
two men are working on a roof .
three men are talking to each other .
three construction workers working on scaffolding .
three construction workers work on scaffolding .
a woman posing for a picture .
two children holding an axe .
a group of people standing on stairs .
two boys pose for a picture .
two boys are standing next to a tree .
two boys are playing soccer .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a man playing a trumpet .
a man playing a guitar .
a referee holding a flag .
a man playing a guitar .
two men playing softball .
a man is cutting a large sculpture .
a man is carving a piece of art .
five men are standing in front of a red curtain .
a statue of a statue .
a man working on a sculpture .
three children are sitting at a table .
three men standing in the grass .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man and a woman are sitting on the floor eating a drink .
a group of people are playing cards .
a man climbing up stairs .
a woman blowing bubbles .
a church in front of a church .
a woman is blowing bubbles with her mouth .
a little girl is blowing bubbles .
a lady walking down the street .
a man is listening to music .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people are holding a frisbee .
a group of people are jumping into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man reading a newspaper .
two little boys are petting a goat .
a family enjoys a park .
people walking around a market .
a little boy and a girl are playing outside .
two children standing next to a dog .
people are gathered outside .
a woman walking towards a building .
a woman in a striped shirt is standing in front of a large building .
a woman standing next to a group of people .
five men are standing on stage .
a girl climbing a wall .
a woman on the beach .
two children are playing together .
two girls climbing a rock wall .
a group of girls are playing football .
a basketball player in white is about to block the ball .
a basketball player is attempting to block the ball .
a group of young boys in uniforms playing football .
two basketball players trying to block the ball .
a group of people are having fun .
a baby sitting on the floor .
a dog walks in the grass .
the brown dog is walking in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog is walking on a sunny day .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a girl in a club .
a man is standing on his back .
a brown haired woman with brown hair and brown hair puts her hair around .
a woman with brown hair .
a person stands in front of a crowd .
a person holding a camera .
the cat is lying on the ground next to a cat .
a race car is driving .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog on the beach .
a car drives down the street .
a black and white dog catching a frisbee .
two firefighters are working .
a group of people are standing together .
two people wearing hard hats are walking behind another man .
two people wearing hard hats are painting .
a man and a woman are walking down a busy street while one man is walking .
two people in front of a crowd .
people are walking down a street .
a man eating food .
a couple enjoying a meal .
a man and woman walk down the sidewalk .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman sitting on a beach .
a woman is sitting on a wall .
a woman with brown hair .
a dog digging in the snow .
a man pulling a rope on a rope .
a dog digging in a hole .
a woman is taking a picture .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog chases a frisbee .
a man wearing glasses .
an employee is working on a machine .
a man is washing laundry .
a worker making a phone call .
a woman working at a market .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
two people are looking at a painting .
a man swings a bat .
a red and white soccer ball .
a pitcher prepares to throw a ball .
a woman in a blue shirt is performing a martial arts move .
a female tennis player wearing a white shirt and blue shorts .
a softball player gets ready to hit the ball .
a softball player runs towards base .
a girl swings at a softball game .
a baseball player swings a bat .
a man washing dishes .
a worker working on a machine .
a man is standing up .
two women are talking to each other .
two women and a man in a laboratory .
a group of young students are taking a class .
a group of friends taking a break .
two women and a man are looking at something .
a man working on a construction project .
a man using a tool .
a worker repairing a roof .
a person walking down the street .
a woman taking a break .
a man wearing a cap and a baseball cap .
a person on a lake .
a building with a sign .
people walking by a building .
people walking down the street .
a building with a sign on it .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of young children are jumping on a raft .
a group of people in a raft .
people in a river .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a person looking at the camera .
a man is looking through a telescope while looking through a telescope .
a group of men are standing on a lift .
a man is looking up at the sky .
a baby crying .
a man looking through a telescope .
a group of men in white uniforms are standing on a base .
a group of people standing on a wooden structure .
three men are sitting around a table .
kids playing on a slide .
a child playing with a toy .
a group of people at night .
a child is playing with a slide .
people are waiting to cross the street .
a woman at an airport .
people waiting for their luggage .
people are waiting at the airport .
a pitcher is diving into the water at the water .
a boy on a boat .
two people are rowing horses .
two boys hugging each other .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man fishing in a boat .
a young boy is shaking water .
a man is cleaning the water .
a person is surfing on a lake .
a boy in a blue life vest is standing in the water .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
two women hugging each other on a couch .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing in a field .
a man and woman sitting on a couch .
kids riding on a ride .
children at a carnival game .
two construction workers are walking along the sidewalk .
a group of people are riding camels .
a group of people looking at something .
people rowing down a river .
a brown dog is standing in front of a white dog .
police officers on motorcycles .
a group of police officers on motorcycles .
a group of police officers on motorcycles .
a group of people on motorcycles .
people are walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are sitting on a carpet .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are playing in the living room .
a man painting a picture .
a man is using a broom to paint .
a man in a blue shirt is making a haircut .
a person painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
two children playing outside .
a group of young children running in a swimming pool .
two people crossing the street .
a blond woman in a crowd .
young boys running down the street .
two boys walking down the street .
a man fishing .
a man in a white shirt fishing .
a man in a blue shirt holding a fishing pole .
an elderly woman is reading a book .
a man holding a baby .
a father and his son are taking a picture .
a man holding a baby .
a child holding a child .
two boys running .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs along the beach .
a small dog jumps on the sand .
two dogs run towards the camera .
a brown and white dog running in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog running .
a dog runs through the grass .
the brown dog is running through the water .
a man skiing .
people climbing a rock .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a skier doing a jump .
a couple walking in front of a car .
a red car is on a red car .
a man and woman walk past a car .
a couple walking past a car .
a boy is standing in front of a body of water .
a boy in a striped shirt and shorts with a blue shirt and blue shorts is holding a bag .
a boy plays with a toy .
a person kayaking through water .
four people are having drinks .
a man is shopping at a market .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking past a brick building .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a man in a white shirt walks by a brick building .
a man is walking past a brick building with graffiti on it .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking by a shoe store .
two men cutting wood .
a man stands near a dock .
two men are working on a boat .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are working on a ship .
men working on a boat .
a mother and her daughter are sitting on the ground .
a man is rock climbing .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman in a red top is standing in a crowd .
a little girl smiles .
a person in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a boy skateboarding .
a boy jumps off his skateboard .
a man skateboarding down a street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a baseball player gets ready to catch the puck .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of rollerskater in a competition .
two musicians performing on stage .
a baby in a blue shirt is crying .
three people in a house .
two children read books in a library .
a man and a woman are standing on a mountain .
a boy is sitting on a wooden staircase .
a woman holding a baby .
a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking on the sidewalk .
a man sitting on a bench next to a bicycle .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man driving a race car .
a person on a bmx bike .
a man in a cowboy hat is walking away from something .
a woman serving a birthday cake .
three people are walking down the street .
a little girl wearing a blue dress .
three people sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child look at the camera .
four people sit on a bench looking at the ocean .
a mother and her daughter are sitting on a bench .
children playing soccer .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman in a white shirt is applying fabric .
a young man is sitting at a table .
a girl playing volleyball on the beach .
a girl playing volleyball .
a woman playing volleyball on the beach .
a man is kissing a baby .
a man is cooking .
a man grilling meat .
a man is preparing food on a busy street .
a man in a blue apron working .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking on a truck .
a man holding a knife .
two men are working with a chainsaw .
men preparing food outside .
men barbecuing in a barrel .
two men are grilling meat .
two men are looking at a barrel .
a man grills meat .
a man kissing a child .
a man and a woman are riding horses .
two women are walking down the street with two children .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
a man in a city .
two people are walking down a street .
a group of people are gathered outside .
two people walking down the street .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
two women are talking to each other .
a pilot working on hay .
a man playing golf .
a group of women are smiling .
a group of people hiking on a trail .
a group of women are walking down the street .
people playing soccer .
a group of people picking hay in a cart .
two football players playing football .
two men playing football .
a football player is getting ready to throw the ball .
a football player in a blue shirt and blue shorts is playing the football .
two teams are playing soccer .
football players playing football .
a football player in a white jersey is running .
a group of people are running .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
two people are standing in front of a building .
a person holding a camera .
a child is sliding down a hill .
people walking down the street .
a child in a red jacket is sitting on a red car .
a child wearing a helmet is sledding down a hill .
a soccer player jumps into the air .
a child playing in the sand .
a man taking a picture .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a woman working on a machine .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing behind a counter .
a woman is working at a restaurant .
two young boys are sitting on a dinner table .
children playing basketball .
a man running in a race .
a group of children are playing basketball .
a man sits on a wall in front of a city .
a man holding a dog .
a man looking at a digital camera .
an older man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is walking down a street .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are standing in a kitchen .
a woman is working with her hair .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a group of people on the beach .
a group of people walking down the street .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
people sitting on a bench .
people in a medical office .
a group of skiers are picking leaves .
a dog swims in the ocean .
a group of children playing together .
a man working on a machine .
three skiers are falling through the air .
a group of people are gathered together .
three people in the sky .
two people are walking down the street .
three men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt .
three people are skydiving .
two people looking into the distance .
a black and white dog running in the snow .
a person wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people are standing together .
a woman with a tattoo .
a man is standing next to a woman .
a man is standing at a rail with a woman .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog jumps .
a dog jumps over an obstacle course .
a black and white dog is standing in the snow .
a man on a horse .
a woman sitting at a table .
a band performs on stage .
a man playing guitar .
a band performs on stage .
a woman in a white tank top is holding a bottle .
a young woman is looking at the camera .
two men are performing on stage .
three people are walking around a grill .
a group of people playing volleyball .
two teams playing volleyball .
a group of people at a sporting event .
women playing volleyball .
a group of athletes are competing in a game .
women competing in a volleyball game .
a group of people are swimming .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
three people are walking with a dog on a leash .
two men are carrying an animal .
a little boy is holding a frisbee .
a woman wearing a shawl .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman on a cellphone .
a woman standing near a fence .
a woman standing near a fence .
a dog swims with a stick in its mouth .
two police officers standing on the street .
a man in a gray shirt is looking at an ice cream cone on the ice .
a man and woman buying ice cream .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a couch .
a group of people are gathered around a tent .
ice cream vendor selling ice cream .
a family opening presents .
a group of people are on a boat .
a lake with mountains in the background .
a group of people are gathered at a lake .
a group of men on a boat .
a group of people preparing food .
a group of people on the beach .
a woman is sitting on a boat .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a person is pushing a wooden boat .
a woman in a canoe on a river .
a boat on a river .
a man in an orange shirt is drinking a beer .
a boy in a forest .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a boy climbs a snowy hill .
construction workers are working at work .
two dogs wrestle in the snow .
a black and white dog chases a ball .
a mother and son are having fun .
a family is opening christmas presents .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
a little girl is smiling .
two people in a park .
a little boy is holding a camera .
a girl in a pink outfit rides a bike .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
two men working in a gas tunnel .
two men working in a tunnel .
a group of runners race .
two men working on a project .
people are looking at the phone .
a man is sitting in a chair .
two people in a kitchen .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man and woman standing in the street .
a woman is talking to a man on a cellphone .
a man walking .
a dog swims in the water .
a man painting a graffiti covered wall .
a man playing the drums .
a man is standing on a fire .
a man is walking down the street .
a man looking at artwork at a museum .
a man playing a guitar .
a man stands on a desert .
a woman poses in the desert .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a person is standing on a mountain .
a man hiking down a mountain .
a man is walking down the street .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a person is walking down the street .
a person jumping in the middle of a road .
a person jumping in the middle of a road .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man jumping on a desert road .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a man is playing chess .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little boy is playing in the water .
a little boy playing in the sun .
a little boy is playing in the sand .
a large body of water .
a boy swimming in a pool .
people sitting on the ground .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a horse rides a horse .
a horse on a horse .
a woman competing in a competition .
a man is jumping off of a horse .
a man in a cowboy hat rides a bull in a rodeo .
a man is holding a stick .
a cowboy riding a horse .
a group of people are singing .
a man stands in front of a yellow building .
a man taking pictures .
three young people are at a sporting event .
a little girl smiles .
a group of children are standing around a table .
a young girl with a tattoo on her head .
a group of people playing in a game .
a group of men dressed in green .
a football player is holding a ball .
a football player runs on the field .
a football player runs on his head .
a man is eating .
a man is jumping off a diving board .
a man diving into a pool .
a man diving into a swimming pool .
a group of people are standing together .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are looking at a swimming pool .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man diving into a swimming pool .
two men perform on stage .
a crowd performs at a wedding .
four men are standing in a room .
a group of men playing instruments on a stage .
people playing instruments .
a group of men are laughing .
two men are sitting at a table .
a group of young men are standing around a table .
two women are walking down the street .
two young boys playing in the water .
two teenage girls are smiling .
two girls are standing in front of each other .
people are walking down a street .
two young boys are playing soccer .
a man is walking down the street .
a person riding a red motorcycle .
a group of people are looking at a boat .
a man carrying a tray of food .
two people are smiling .
a group of people are cooking .
a girl swims in a pool .
two children are playing video games .
a group of teenagers playing outside .
two children are playing in the grass .
workers working in a factory .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of men are rowing a boat .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
people shopping at a market .
people are waiting for customers .
people are shopping at an outdoor market .
a man pushing a child .
a man rides a unicycle down a road .
a girl in a blue shirt rides a unicycle .
a man rides a unicycle .
a man riding a motorcycle in a park .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a baby is in the back of a car .
a child in a car .
a baby is crying in a white car .
a child crying in a car .
a crowd gathers at a concert .
a group of young people gather at a party .
people at a concert .
many people are walking down a busy street .
a man walking down the street .
a young man with glasses and glasses is eating .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
men cooking in a large kitchen .
three people are working together .
two men are sitting at a table .
a group of people in a kitchen .
three men working in a kitchen .
three men are cooking food .
three chefs are cooking .
three chefs are working at a restaurant .
three chefs prepare food in a kitchen .
people preparing food .
three chefs preparing food .
three men prepare food in a kitchen .
people are preparing food in a restaurant .
a man cutting a fish .
a man is selling fish .
a person on a dirt bike .
cyclist riding a bike .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a group of people waving their arms .
a man cutting a fish .
two children are playing in a fountain .
a woman swims in the water .
a man climbing a pole .
a group of children playing soccer .
two friends are playing a game at home .
two young boys are playing together .
a woman riding a bike .
a woman rides her bike .
a woman is walking along the beach .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman relaxing on the beach .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman in a black bikini rides a bike on the beach .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman riding a bike .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman rides a bike down the beach .
three men drinking beer .
a little girl is playing with bubbles .
a young boy plays with a toy toy .
a child plays with a toy .
three men are standing outside .
a man is giving a woman a piggyback ride .
a group of men are drinking beer .
a young child holding an umbrella .
people walking through the woods .
a group of people posing with their arms .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a group of children running in a field .
a man and woman are laughing .
children running down the street .
a man and woman in front of a camera .
people are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are standing next to a painting .
a woman in a red jacket is helping a little boy in a red jacket .
a toddler wearing a blanket .
an older woman is helping a young child .
a man is walking down the street .
a cat in a kitchen .
a man riding a bull .
a boy is performing a trick .
a black and white dog is swimming .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
a baseball player is holding a baseball bat .
a group of people in a rodeo .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
a boy jumps into the ocean .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a man is cutting something .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a man is playing tennis .
two bicyclists riding on a trail .
two dogs sled through the snow .
two dogs sled through the snow with a sled behind them .
two dogs are pulling each other .
two dogs run in the snow .
two dogs on the snow .
two horses are riding on a dirt road .
a man and his son looking at barbecue .
a man cooking a grill .
a man grilling meat .
two men are looking at a grill .
a group of people are walking around .
a woman is standing next to a man .
a group of people are watching a man .
a woman in a jewelry store .
a couple is standing on the desert .
a parade in a parade .
people standing at the bottom of a walkway .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is juggling a sword .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of young men drinking beer .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting around a coffee table .
a person is walking down the street .
two men are walking past a building .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is holding a ladder while another man is standing next to him .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a man is balancing on a ladder .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is working on a project .
a cat is looking at a cat .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman looking at a cat .
a woman looking at a cat in a cage .
a woman sitting next to two dogs .
a woman is drinking a hotdog from a fruit stand .
people waiting for food outside .
a child plays with toys .
a child is playing with a toy .
a child playing a game .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a ladder .
a group of people talking .
a busy street .
a street performer stands on the street .
two children swim in a pool .
a child wearing glasses .
a child wearing goggles .
a young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a young child in a swimming pool with goggles and goggles on .
an elderly woman wearing an apron .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a cyclist in a competition .
a motorcyclist rides on a wooden track .
an elderly woman is singing .
a woman standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are playing in a field .
a young boy stands in front of a truck .
a man and a woman cross a snowy day .
two people are kayaking .
a man in a green shirt is holding a green shirt .
an old man stands in front of a building .
a person is looking at the water .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man is reading a paper .
a girl holding a balloon .
a crowd of people are walking .
a man is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a girl is standing next to a door .
a little girl standing in a doorway holding a red balloon .
two people are sitting next to each other .
a man is talking to a woman with a cigarette .
a child holding a balloon .
a little girl is looking at the inside of a building .
a girl is standing next to a window .
a girl is holding a balloon on a wooden structure .
a girl is holding a balloon .
a girl holding a balloon .
a child is holding a yellow balloon .
a child is standing outside .
a child is standing on a rock .
a child is standing in front of a construction site .
a child is holding a balloon .
two women working in a village .
two women are working in a village .
a person holding a camera .
a boy stands next to a wagon full of watermelons .
people walking down the street .
people are walking down the street .
a group of protesters are standing in front of a photo with a magazine in the background .
a woman is looking at a magazine display .
a group of protesters standing in the distance .
a group of protesters stand behind a counter .
a group of people holding signs .
a group of people are sitting at a table in front of a store .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
two children eating ice cream .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a christmas tree .
two people looking at christmas presents .
a family is sitting on the floor .
a little girl holding a doll .
a woman and a girl are smiling in front of a christmas tree .
a man is trying to fly a plane .
a brown dog is drinking from a stick while a black dog watches .
two dogs in the snow .
two dogs are fighting .
three dogs are sitting around a table .
two dogs drinking beer .
a child poses for a picture .
a group of people are looking at each other .
a man is fixing a machine .
a girl in a white shirt is doing gymnastics .
a man playing with a toy .
women sitting on a bench .
two women sit at a bus stop .
two women waiting to cross the street .
a person sitting on a bench .
people waiting for a bus .
a female athlete prepares to perform .
people are walking past a carnival .
a man is playing the violin and singing into a microphone .
two men work on a roof .
a woman is performing a handstand .
a man in a hard hat is welding .
a person looking at the water .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a woman holding a camera .
a scuba diver diving into a swimming pool .
a scuba diver swims in the water .
two dogs pulling on a sled .
people playing instruments .
two people are looking at something .
a woman working on a loom .
a bride and groom dancing .
two little girls are playing together .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a woman walking through a plaza .
a blond woman is talking on a cellphone .
a bird flies through the air .
a boy is sitting on a chair .
a woman holding a child .
a band performs on stage .
people walking down a path .
a group of people at a game .
a group of people in a stadium .
a group of people are walking around .
people are walking through a stadium .
people in a stadium .
a group of people walking .
a group of people walking down the sidewalk .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man on the beach .
a woman is using a poster with a poster of a poster .
a woman in a white shirt is talking to a woman in a blue sweater .
a person is looking at an exhibit .
a woman is working on a sculpture .
a woman watches a sculpture .
a girl is sitting on a swing .
two women in a bed .
three asian people are dressed in black and black .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
two people are playing chess .
a band performing on stage .
a man riding a bike .
a man riding a bicycle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people watching an event .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
two dogs play in a field .
a man and a woman are running in a race .
a group of people at a conference .
a woman is eating .
two boys are having fun .
a man with long hair and a long sleeve beard is sitting at a table .
a woman sitting at a table .
a man holding a sign .
a man is laying down .
a man laying on the floor .
a man is standing on the ground .
a man stands in front of a store .
three men talking to each other .
a couple walking down the street .
a street vendor selling food .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking in a crowded street .
a bicyclist jumps in the air .
a woman with a sword in her ears .
a woman holding up a rope .
a person is riding a bike .
a boy is drinking .
a street vendor selling food and drinks .
a boy is playing on a playground .
a man sitting at a picnic table .
a young man dressed in a suit is posing for a picture .
women are performing .
a woman dancing .
three women dancing .
a boy drinking at a table .
a group of women dancing .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
two children in front of a computer .
a child is standing on a large piece of large paper .
two men are playing guitars .
two men are standing on a sidewalk .
two dogs play in the grass .
two men stand by a podium .
a band performs on stage .
two girls are playing outside .
two women are standing in snow .
two people are standing in the snow .
skiers are standing on a snowy mountain .
a man selling goods .
a boy is taking a bath .
a blond haired woman in a blue sweater is holding a necklace .
a boy in a blue sweater is holding a mop .
a little boy in a white sweater is holding up a necklace .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are selling food .
two women selling food .
two women selling food .
two women in black and black clothing are selling food .
two women selling food .
two women are sitting against a wall .
people are walking down the street .
a woman running in a marathon .
cheerleaders in a football field .
a young woman in a pink shirt is smiling .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman running in the street .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
a man is walking down the street .
an artist painting a rocky landscape .
a man with a hat is painting a picture in a park .
a man with a gray hat painting a building .
an old man painting a picture of an old woman .
a band is playing music .
a little girl is holding a boy .
a tennis player in white hitting a tennis ball .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a man is playing tennis .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are talking to each other .
a man working on a machine .
a man is working on a wooden machine .
a man is looking at something .
a man works on a machine .
a man working on a machine .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men working together .
two men working at a construction site .
two men working together .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a group of men wearing hats .
a young woman is getting her hair done .
a girl is helping another girl .
a girl in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a group of people riding bikes .
two girls posing for a picture .
a woman holding a small child .
a young girl in a pink shirt and a girl in a pink shirt are walking .
three people are walking down the street .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
two girls standing next to a brick building .
two men are looking at something .
a girl is walking next to a bicycle .
two people standing in front of a building .
a picture of a building .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man and a woman are playing with a guitar and a man with a guitar .
a man with a guitar is standing next to a man with a guitar .
a brown dog is shoveling snow .
a tan dog in the snow .
a black and white dog jumping .
a brown dog is shoveling snow .
a dog jumps through the snow .
a group of people are standing outside .
a small brown dog is running through the grass .
a white dog is flying over the snow .
a man is cooking food .
a person is holding a gun in his hand .
a man in a wheelchair is pushing a wheelchair .
people are waiting for a ride .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a man is pushing a chair in the street .
a man is pushing a child in a wheelchair .
people are eating food .
a group of boys in red and red uniforms stand in front of each other .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is cleaning a tree .
a man is walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
racing racers racing on a track .
people racing on a track .
a group of cyclists racing .
cyclists racing down a track .
an elderly woman serving food .
a woman and a child on the beach .
a woman and a child are at the beach .
a group of people are sitting next to water .
a woman and a child on the beach .
a woman looking at the ocean .
people walking on the beach .
two people are looking at the water .
two dogs play in a field .
a woman and her son are sitting on a bench .
two dogs play tug of war .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a suit with a child .
a man working on a machine .
two people pose for a picture .
a man is using a pot .
a man mixing something in a bowl .
a chef is cooking with a wooden spoon .
a man is cutting something .
a woman is cooking corn .
a cook is preparing food in a kitchen .
a cook preparing food .
a chef is preparing food .
a chef is making a sandwich .
a black dog is running with a white dog .
a couple walking down the street .
a man is riding a brown horse .
a man riding a bike .
a man stands in front of a temple .
a man on a scooter .
a man is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man and woman talk .
a child in a blue shirt with a hood .
a child is holding a door .
a toddler is holding onto a wall .
a small child stands in a doorway .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a group of people .
a group of men are standing in the street .
a boy walking down the street .
a jockey is jumping over a hurdle .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is riding a course on a course .
a man on a horse .
a person riding a horse .
a jockey riding a horse .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a man wearing jeans and a blue shirt .
a child looking at the camera .
a man is working on a train .
a wine wine out of wine .
a young child sits on the grass .
a man playing guitar .
a guy working on a project .
a picture of an art gallery .
a man selling produce on the street .
a man selling produce .
a vendor selling produce .
a man working on a machine .
a man wearing a plaid shirt and blue jeans .
a man speaking into a microphone .
a group of people attending a meeting .
a man working on a machine .
a dog runs on the beach .
a man listening to headphones .
two elderly men are talking to each other .
a young man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping in the passenger seat of a vehicle .
a young man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man sleeping in the back of a vehicle .
a young man sleeping on a bench .
a woman looking at vegetables .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people in the background .
a brown dog is looking at something .
a man is holding a large bundle of food .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a girl is playing on the ground .
a man is standing on the beach with a sunset in the background .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a little girl in a house .
a bicyclist in front of a crowd .
a group of men in military uniforms stand in front of a fountain .
two women playing a game .
a group of people riding bikes .
a young girl is sitting in a chair .
a person in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
a man is walking through a casino .
a woman walking down the street .
kids playing with toys .
two young boys are playing in the grass .
people are selling food .
three people are playing with a stuffed animal .
two boys are playing on a white carpet .
two children are playing with toys and toys .
a boy and a young boy are playing together .
three people are playing with toys on a couch .
a baby is playing with toys .
two children playing in the grass .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
two children are playing with toys .
a group of children are having fun .
a group of people sitting outside .
a boy runs across a playground .
a man repairing a bicycle .
a man doing a trick on his bike .
a man is fixing his bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man fixing his bike .
this photo is a picture .
a photographer is holding a camera .
construction workers are looking at something .
a man works on a machine .
this picture is a picture of this picture .
a man taking a bike .
a man is riding his bike .
a man is looking at his bike .
a man is sitting on a dirt road .
a man is riding a bike .
a boy running on a track .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is cleaning his lawn .
a little girl in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture in a park .
a man cutting up a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is using a vacuum .
a man is vacuuming a lawn .
children playing soccer .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a woman in a blue shirt with a mohawk .
a man is fishing into the water of a boat .
a man fishing in a boat .
a woman on a beach .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a man looking at the camera .
a man in a black shirt is standing on a rock .
a man getting his shoes shined .
a woman wearing a red shirt .
a man is looking at something .
a man walking down the street .
a man is shoveling dirt .
a young man is preparing food .
two men are talking to each other while sitting on an airplane .
a man on a train .
a skateboarder doing tricks on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick in the park .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a train .
a man on a train .
a boy doing a skateboard trick on his skateboard .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a skateboard trick in a skate park .
a man pushes a cart .
a man poses for a picture .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy is holding a stone bottle in his hands .
a boy is carrying something in his hands .
a child holding something in his hand .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a group of people having drinks .
a woman in a black jacket is drinking a bottle .
a group of people are laughing .
a man is pushing a cart .
a man is throwing a bowling ball .
a person wearing a scarf .
a baseball player prepares to hit a ball .
a man holding a sign .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man pointing at a sign .
a man is standing outside .
a man is pointing at a sign .
two boys play in a field .
a donkey pulling a donkey pulling a cart .
a man in a blue shirt holding a stick .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans juggling .
a person playing with a ball .
a man with a beard is sitting on a dock .
people riding bikes down a city street .
two people are talking in front of a large building .
a group of people riding bikes on the street .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a building .
two people are talking to each other .
a softball player tries to throw the ball .
a man looking through a microscope .
a group of people on a boat .
a policeman is driving down the street on a sunny day .
a man preparing food .
two people waiting to cross the street .
a man and woman are waiting outside .
a woman in a black shirt is talking to a man .
a man and woman cross the street .
people enjoying a meal in a restaurant .
asian asians eating .
people walking down the street .
a group of people eating at a restaurant .
a woman is listening to music .
a blond girl is holding a little girl while walking down the street .
a blond woman is listening to music .
a girl with long hair and a black coat is sitting at a desk .
a blond girl listening to headphones .
a woman in a hospital hospital .
a man in a hospital room with his hands on his face .
a man in a hospital gown is looking at a hospital .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting at a hospital bed .
a man in a hospital .
a young man in a red shirt and blue shorts is running .
the sun sets in the sun .
a man working on a roof .
a black dog chases a toy in a field .
three friends posing for a picture .
a person is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is surfing a wave .
a crowd of people gathered around a bicycle .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are racing on a path .
a group of people are walking around .
a crowd of people are standing on a street corner .
a man kayaking in a river .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of children playing tug of war .
a group of boys scouts on stage .
a cook is preparing food .
a woman in a blue shirt is running with a tennis ball in her hands .
a softball player runs down a field .
three women are talking to each other .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
three women , one wearing a yellow and yellow , one in a yellow and yellow , one in a yellow and yellow , one in a white shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , running down the street .
two girls playing volleyball .
girls playing softball .
a girl is throwing a ball while running .
two girls are playing softball .
a girl in a yellow shirt and blue shorts is throwing a ball in the air .
a softball player tries to throw the ball .
two women are playing softball .
three women are playing softball .
two women wearing sandals .
three people playing a game .
a group of women are playing softball .
two men stand next to each other .
a girl is running around a base .
a girl is playing a game .
a young girl is playing baseball .
a girl is playing tennis .
a young girl playing baseball .
people are walking down the street .
a man and his son are standing on a cliff .
a group of people walking down a hallway .
a group of men are standing on a scaffold .
two boys walking in a field .
a boy is playing with a boy in a blue shirt .
a man and a woman on a float .
fans gather in a stadium .
a football player in a blue uniform is running .
fans gather around a stadium .
people watching a soccer game .
a group of people at a sporting event .
two women are sitting at a table .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs are running in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a horse is carrying a horse .
a group of young boys are pulling a donkey .
a young girl in a pink dress is hugging .
a group of people holding balloons .
a man and a woman are walking through the woods .
a man and a child are outside .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are doing a routine .
two cheerleaders performing a routine .
a female gymnast wearing a blue and white uniform is doing a handstand on stage .
a group of cheerleaders in blue and white uniforms are in a gymnasium .
a construction worker in a construction site .
a person stands in front of a body of water .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a woman posing for a picture .
a person stands in front of a crowd .
a man is grilling meat in a bag .
a man is cooking a meal .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man surfing a wave .
a man with a clown wrapped around his neck .
a dog flies through the air .
a bird flying .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a bird flies through the air .
the white and white bird has its mouth open .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man wearing a brown shirt and black pants .
a boat in the water .
a group of men are on a lake .
a boat with people in the background .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
a man dances in front of a crowd .
a woman riding a brown horse .
a little boy is opening presents .
a person stands next to a lake .
a man is selling ice cream .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
two women walking down a city street .
two boys playing basketball on a court .
two women are smiling .
two women are in front of a building .
two women sitting next to each other .
a child is opening a present .
a man is walking down the street .
a girl drawing a portrait .
a girl is holding a shopping bag .
a couple standing in front of a river .
a child looking at a robot .
a woman is pointing at a menu .
a young blond woman is looking at a white robot .
a couple posing for a picture .
a blond boy is looking at a toy .
people walking down a street .
a man jumps over a wave .
a woman is standing in the alley .
a woman stands in front of graffiti .
a girl is looking down from a wall .
a woman in a black dress running down the street .
a woman in a hat is looking down .
a group of people are eating .
a man is walking down the street .
people are walking down the street .
three women are dressed in black dresses .
a man on his head .
a man is sitting with his daughter .
a brown and white dog with a stick in its mouth .
a puppy jumps through the air .
a hiker climbing a mountain .
a man wearing a clown costume .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man plays guitar next to a drum .
a bald man playing the guitar .
a bald man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt plays a guitar .
a band plays the drums .
a girl slides down a bar .
a girl running down a pole .
a baseball player on a baseball field .
a girl sliding down a pole .
a child playing on a playground .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a young girl sliding down a pole on a playground .
a girl is playing in a park .
two young men are playing baseball at a football game .
two men are at a baseball field .
a girl slides down a pole .
two soldiers are having a discussion .
two men are pouring water .
a group of men are pouring water .
a man is operating a hose .
two men working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a hose while another man watches .
two men are working in a parking lot .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a blue robe and a man in a blue robe are taking a break in a muddy field .
a man in a blue robe and a man in a blue robe are working .
four men are hanging in the snow .
four men are working in the mud .
a man dressed in a robe .
a boy is standing on a rock .
four men are sitting at a table .
a brown and white dog is jumping .
a hiker is walking on the beach .
two women are looking at each other .
a young child in a swimming pool .
a boy with his head on his head with his head outstretched .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
a man is cutting a pig .
a man grilling meat .
a man holds a stick over a stove .
a man is cooking a pig .
a boy in a red shirt jumps into the sand .
a man drinking beer .
a boy in a blue shirt plays with a toy .
a group of construction workers are working on a beam .
two women are walking down the street .
a man is sitting in an airplane .
two women walking down the street .
a man holding a microphone .
a group of children are sitting in a bed .
a man on a street corner .
a man in a white shirt is singing .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man on a street .
two children are reading a book .
a man holding a rope in his hand .
a man wearing a hat is playing a guitar .
a man in a suit rides a carriage .
two horses pulling horses .
a man falling over the ocean .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
a man drives a horse .
a dog walks in the snow .
a little boy is cutting paper with crayons .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog is running .
a dog runs through the desert .
a dog runs across the beach .
a dog runs across the sand .
a man is making a funny face .
a young man is playing baseball .
a group of people are walking in the distance .
a group of people are gathered together .
a person on a cloudy day .
a hiker stands on the edge of a mountain .
a man with a backpack walks down the street .
a person with a backpack stands next to rocks .
a man wearing a backpack is leaning against rocks .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple enjoying the beach at the beach .
a skateboarder grinds a ramp .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a man walks with a backpack .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is fishing .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man with no shirt on .
a child is cutting paper .
two women in a store .
a girl is sitting on a bench .
a group of people participate in a race .
a child is looking at something .
three men are standing near a concrete fence .
a child is looking through the air .
people are sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is giving a presentation .
a woman climbing a mountain .
a boy holding a camera .
three children are having fun .
an indian woman wearing a traditional headdress .
a woman wearing a red and white robe is holding a red and red painted red and red striped shirt .
a woman dressed in traditional garb is dancing .
a woman in a red dress is serving a cake .
an asian woman dressed in traditional garb .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
men working on a project .
two girls are eating ice cream cones .
two girls eating ice cream .
two people eating .
two women are looking at the top of a bridge .
a woman eating .
people walking down a street .
people digging in the dirt .
men digging around a tree .
men walking down a street .
two men digging a hole .
two men digging in the dirt .
a large group of people are standing outside .
people walking down the street .
a group of people working in a park .
a group of people are standing around a tree .
a man working on a train .
a group of people jumping off a ledge .
a man in a blue shirt is using a knife .
a man working on a roof .
a man stands in front of a small fire .
a dog stands next to a fence .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is giving a speech .
a woman is vaulting .
people walk by a bridge .
a man jumps over a creek .
a man is jumping over a stream on a sunny day .
a man jumps over a body of water .
a person wearing a white jacket .
a group of people are gathered outside .
two dogs playing with a toy .
a group of young boys wearing blue shirts .
two men are standing together .
a group of men in costume .
a group of men standing outside .
two men are standing together .
two men are sitting at a table .
a group of young boys are dancing .
two men are standing outside .
a group of women wearing black dresses .
a woman looking at a vegetable stand .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman sits in the woods .
a skier on a snowy mountain .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
four dogs are playing in the grass .
three men are riding bikes .
a man and a woman are standing together .
a man and a woman are listening to music .
people are walking down a street .
a man is reading a book while another woman watches .
a man and a woman are reading a book in front of a cafe .
three people are standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is talking .
two men are fixing equipment .
a group of people gathered around a fire .
three construction workers are climbing a pole .
a woman is looking at produce in a market .
a boy is holding a large rock .
construction workers are working on a roof .
a couple enjoying an outdoor cafe .
a dog swims in the water .
three people are walking down the street .
two people eating outside .
two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe with shopping bags .
a dog walks down a stream .
a young child asleep on a bench .
a man is grilling meat .
a man in a black shirt cutting a grill .
a man wearing a hat .
a man is grilling trash from a tree covered ground with a tree in the background .
a woman carrying a basket on her head .
a man walking down the street .
dancers performing on stage .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a woman in a city .
a woman with a basket on her head .
a group of girls dancing .
girls are performing on stage .
a woman in a clown costume is dancing .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people riding bikes .
two dogs are playing in the water near the water .
a man rides a bike .
a street performer performs on the street .
a woman is looking at a statue of a statue .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run along side side of a building .
a man is doing gymnastics .
two dogs play with a stick .
two dogs play in the snow .
two little girls are playing together .
a football player holding a ball .
a man in a red shirt is standing in the snow .
a woman in a white dress is posing for a picture .
a snowboarder in a competition .
a person jumping off a ramp .
a little boy is standing in front of a white hut .
a group of women posing for a picture .
a group of people are standing outside .
two young men are running on the grass .
two boys playing soccer .
two people running in a race .
three children are standing in a doorway .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing in a room .
a couple is holding hands .
two children are playing in the air with their arms raised in the air with their hands .
a group of friends stand in front of a doorway while others look on .
two children doing a handstand on a trampoline .
kids playing in the grass .
a man is holding a large piece of art .
a man in a black shirt is looking at a wooden statue .
a woman poses for a picture in the road .
a man is looking at a sculpture .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man rides a skateboard .
a man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a young man is skateboarding past a graffiti covered wall .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding .
a man does a skateboard trick .
a guy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man taking a picture .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people walking down a street .
a woman walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is holding a blue and white umbrella .
a man wearing a blue jacket .
two men are walking down the street .
two people are standing next to each other .
two men are walking down the street .
two men walking on the street .
a man and a woman are walking in front of a subway station .
people walking down the street .
two men are walking in front of a subway station .
a man running on the grass .
a man in a blue coat is walking past a man with a blue umbrella .
a man is performing a concert .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a group of people are walking .
a street vendor selling food .
a woman carrying a bag .
a man is standing in front of a sign .
a man is sitting at a picnic table .
a man standing at a hotdog stand .
a man selling hotdogs .
construction worker working on a construction site .
a band plays the drums .
a man is standing next to a large building .
a man is standing next to a building .
there is a picture of a man on the side of a building .
two people are walking down the street .
a building in front of a building .
two men are sitting at a table .
men working in the office .
a group of men playing instruments .
a group of people are working on computers .
two men are playing basketball .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
two people are standing in the snow .
a man is getting ready to catch a ball .
two men fighting each other in a ring .
two men are talking to each other .
two wrestlers fighting .
two dogs running in the water .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth .
people walking down the street .
two dogs running in the ocean .
the water is wet .
a girl in a park in a park .
a man on a basketball court .
a man cutting wood .
a group of people holding a hose .
two dogs running in shallow water .
the little boy is looking at her baby .
people dancing .
three people are running .
a group of people dancing .
a duck walks along the rocks .
people watching a group of people .
a family is sitting on a rock .
people riding motorcycles .
a person walking down the street .
a biker is standing on display .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people riding bikes .
a car drives down the street .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a group of men are standing in front of a tree .
a group of men are standing outside .
two men are walking down the street .
two people are watching a game of video games .
a girl is watching a girl in a pink shirt .
a group of men wearing hats .
two men playing a video game .
two people playing video games .
two men are playing chess .
two men are fighting for a video game .
a man playing an arcade game .
two children playing in the water .
a woman holding balloon balloons .
five women talking to each other .
a woman is singing into a microphone and singing into a microphone .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
a woman is walking away from a group of people .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two women wearing skirts are sitting against a wall .
a woman holding a purse .
a child in a red shirt and jeans is pushing a broom .
people standing by a fountain .
a man is swinging on a keyboard .
a child is playing with his arms .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a little boy slides down a slide at a park .
a dog runs through the water .
a man is standing in the middle of a city street .
a man standing in the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man with a camera is holding a camera while holding a camera .
a boy holding a baby .
a street performer with a backpack .
a young boy is holding a baby .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a small animal .
a boy is holding a toy .
a boy in a t shirt is standing on a t shirt .
two dogs playing with a red ball .
a woman is working on a grill at an outdoor festival at a festival .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are running on the grass with a red ball in its mouth .
an elderly woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a biker is riding on a wire beam .
two firefighters are fighting with a hose .
children play on a park bench .
a man working on a project .
a woman is talking to a child .
an adult is on a boat .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a woman is bending over .
a man shooting a gun .
a group of people picking up metal .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog is chewing a ball .
a black dog is playing with a red ball .
a dog plays with a toy .
a brown dog is playing in the grass .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of people on a beach .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people riding bikes .
a football player is attempting to block the ball .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a girl is sitting on a bench .
a child is walking barefoot .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
a little girl is holding something in her hand .
people riding bikes .
a group of people on a vehicle .
a child running down a bridge .
a man and woman sit on a bench .
two dogs running in the grass .
a child running in a city .
a child running down the side of the street .
a child running in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
a yellow dog is running on a course .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two dogs playing together .
a woman laying on the ground on the ground .
a woman is eating wine .
two boys are sitting on a bench .
two boys talking to each other .
two children sitting on a fountain .
two children talking to each other .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a colorful shirt is sitting down .
a man in an apron is cooking .
a girl is riding a sled on a sled .
a man in a black jacket pulling a girl on a sled .
a cashier is posing for a photograph .
people are buying drinks .
a woman working in a kitchen .
a group of people are standing outside .
a baby with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is looking at something .
a person wearing a helmet riding a motorcycle .
a man driving a car .
people are working on a table .
two workers are smiling .
two people are preparing food .
two chefs are smiling .
a group of workers are smiling .
two people pose for a picture .
two firefighters smile for the camera .
two firefighters are smiling .
a man is walking along the beach .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man holding a hat .
a man holding a cigarette .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a snowboarder jumps up to catch a snowboard .
three girls in a house .
a person is jumping in the air with a balloon .
a woman in a kitchen .
a group of young people holding hands .
four children are reading books .
a group of people are looking at something .
four children are looking at something .
children look through binoculars .
four children are looking up .
a group of children are playing with books .
four children are looking through binoculars .
mountains in the background .
two women are laughing and laughing .
a football game at a sporting event .
a man is walking down the street .
a football player on a field with a referee in the background .
a man giving a speech .
a cameraman gives a speech .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a person skiing .
a person skiing .
a group of men wearing hard hats and hard hats .
a person skiing .
two people are working at work .
a group of people working together .
a man on a rocky hill .
two workers work on the side of a road .
a little girl is eating a treat .
a girl is taking a bath .
a little girl eating a meal .
a little girl is eating .
a man and a woman are sweeping the sidewalk .
a group of people are cleaning snow .
a toddler eats a sandwich .
a woman in a gray shirt is sitting in a chair .
children running in a race .
a boy and girl play on the beach .
two children run down the beach .
two children running near the shore .
children playing with water .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people participate in a race .
a group of children playing soccer .
a group of people are jumping .
people walking down the street .
a man on a bucking bronco .
a cowboy at a rodeo .
a rodeo rider jumps off a horse .
a person riding a horse .
a jockey in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse in a rodeo .
a cowboy is riding a bucking horse while a horse and a cowboy watch .
a person on a horse .
a group of men playing instruments .
a man is using a hammer .
a man working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man working on a machine .
people walking in the rain .
men working on a scaffold .
a man playing a guitar .
three construction workers are cleaning windows .
people are holding hands .
a child is playing in the snow .
a bride and groom are kissing .
a woman in a pink shirt is walking .
a brown dog is chasing a frisbee .
a dog is standing on a leash .
a brown dog is standing on a leash .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
two children walk through the snow .
a boy and girl walking in the snow .
two children are sitting on a rock .
a child carrying a red sled .
two children sledding through the snow .
a group of people on a boat .
two people are standing outside .
people are on a pier .
four people are standing on a dock .
a man in a blue shirt throws a football .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a bike .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a woman smiles in a red tent .
a hiker is looking out of the snow .
a man is watching a boat .
a man is hanging out of a tent .
a girl in a bathing suit splashing in water .
a child jumping into a pool .
a child playing in a pool .
a man on a bike .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a shirtless man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a bird in the grass .
a woman is working at a desk .
a girl holding a cigarette .
a girl holding a cigarette .
a girl holding a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a woman working at a desk in an office .
people working in an office .
a man sitting at a computer .
two people talking to each other .
a woman talking to another woman .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a woman is holding a baby .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a large piece of fabric .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is riding a scooter .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a boy on a scooter .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the grass .
a boy on a scooter .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
two men try to lasso a tractor .
a child is looking at something .
a group of dogs running in a field .
three dogs play in the grass .
three dogs are biting each other .
three dogs are standing next to each other .
a brown and white dog is playing with a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog runs through a field .
two dogs chase each other in the grass .
two dogs chase each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
three dogs running together .
a young child is using a microscope .
a man walking down the street .
a person is standing next to a car .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
a man with tattoos on his head .
two men playing volleyball .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman playing volleyball .
a female volleyball player hitting the ball .
a volleyball player on a volleyball court .
a man playing tennis .
a volleyball player on the beach .
a child is pushing a scooter .
a woman in a black jacket is walking through a crowd of people .
a woman in a blue shirt doing gymnastics .
a man fishing .
a child is riding a vehicle .
a man pushing a cart on the sidewalk .
two people sitting outside .
a skateboarder in a park .
a woman carrying a bag .
a man riding a bucking horse in a rodeo .
a child is standing at a gas station .
people walking down the street .
a white bird flies through the water .
a man in a church with a child in the background .
a group of children in a classroom .
people are at a church .
a woman is laughing .
a group of people hanging from a christmas tree .
a dj performs at a club .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs play in the snow .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a couple taking a picture .
a person climbing a rock wall .
a woman wearing a pink dress .
a woman rock climbing .
three people posing for the camera .
a rock climber rock climbing .
a painting of an art gallery .
a woman sitting on a balcony .
a woman wearing a scarf is sitting in a chair .
a couple enjoying a sunny day .
a woman wearing a scarf is looking out over a white rail .
a woman stands in front of a railing .
people are working outside .
a man is standing next to two women .
people playing tennis on a tennis court .
two men are working together .
a male athlete jumps over a pole .
two hockey players fighting .
a group of girls sitting in a classroom .
a man giving a child a child .
two girls are laughing .
two girls are looking at each other .
two people are looking at each other .
a group of young women are laughing .
a man is walking down the street .
a golfer prepares to catch a disc .
a man is watching a golf ball while a crowd watches .
two people walking down a city street .
a crowd watching a golf club .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people are working in front of an audience .
a group of people looking at something .
a group of people are outside .
people are walking down a street .
several people are working on the side of the mountains .
two men are working on a project .
a bull rider tries to catch a bull .
a woman in a blue leotard doing gymnastics .
a man holding a camera .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a man sitting on a curb .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man holding a camera is holding a camera .
a man holding a camera .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the curb .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a man holding a camera .
a man in a martial arts uniform jumps through the air .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a skateboarder is jumping in midair .
a man in a uniform jumps through the air .
a man wearing a uniform .
a child in a blue shirt is jumping under a tree .
a person jumping in the air .
two boys are standing on a sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
four girls are looking at a book .
a group of men riding scooters .
a dog catches a baseball .
a black dog catches a ball in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
a person is looking out the window .
a person in a blue shirt is walking .
a woman is standing in front of a fence .
a person in a blue shirt is looking out of a telescope .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench .
two men are talking to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a black and white dog is playing with a red ball .
a woman is standing on a mat .
two women running in a marathon .
a group of women in a roller derby class .
a man is reading a computer .
a man sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in front of computer monitors .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a group of people are playing cards .
a woman riding a bike .
a group of people riding bikes .
a bicyclist wearing a helmet rides a bike .
a person is doing a handstand .
a man is drinking beer and talking on the phone .
a man is talking on a cellphone while drinking a beer .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside .
a man in a black shirt is talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a man is walking down the street .
three men are sitting and talking on their cellphone .
people sitting outside .
an elderly man is sitting on a stool and working on something .
a man sitting on the side of a building .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child ride a ride .
two people in a park .
people working in a kitchen .
young girls playing basketball .
two young girls are playing outside .
a group of girls playing basketball .
people waiting at a train station .
a man is playing with his son .
a boy in a black coat is walking .
two girls on a basketball court .
a dog and a dog are on the beach .
a boy is sitting on his father 's shoulders .
two men playing with a dog .
a father and his son are having fun .
a boy is sitting on his father 's shoulders .
a father and son walking down the street .
two children playing with toys and toys .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a young girl playing basketball .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
two police officers on a street .
a girl with a rope .
a man cutting a tree .
people walking by a sign .
young girls looking at a book .
people are standing on the beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people are standing on a beach .
people walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a couple enjoying the beach .
a family enjoying the beach .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a family enjoys the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman in a pink dress holding a bottle of water .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a woman carrying flowers in a bucket .
a female skater in a roller derby .
a couple wearing costumes .
two little kids are playing with a mop .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are standing in front of a large group of people .
a man and woman sitting next to each other .
a man holding something .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is listening to headphones .
a street vendor selling food .
a bird sits in the grass .
two people in a grocery store .
a man standing in a parking lot .
a man selling food on a crowded street .
a man in a blue shirt is selling fruit .
two young women are smiling .
a man working in a kitchen .
a chef is cooking dishes .
a man in a black coat is holding a torch .
a band is playing music .
two women drinking beer .
a group of children playing in a house .
a woman is sitting at an outdoor cafe .
an older man holding a camera .
four people are walking down the street .
people are walking down a street .
a man is looking at the camera .
a man and woman talk outside .
a man with a tray of bread .
a woman walking in the city .
a woman is walking through the streets of a large crowd .
two women sit at an outdoor cafe .
a band on stage performing on stage .
a person in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man is playing the drums .
a man is sitting on the beach .
a man looking at the camera .
a man sitting on a bench .
a baseball player is throwing a ball .
a child holding a suitcase .
people shopping at a market .
a man in a blue shirt is pushing a cart .
a singer performs on stage .
a toddler sitting in a chair .
a toddler is lying down .
a man and a woman are smiling .
three dogs running in the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a baseball pitcher prepares to throw a pitch .
a group of people are standing on a stage .
a police officer is directing traffic .
a runner is running .
a man and a woman are laughing .
two women wearing white shirts .
a large group of people at a museum .
a man is working at a fish market .
a police officer standing outside .
a group of people talking .
a man is smiling .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man is using a piece of paper .
a man with a red shirt is sitting at a laundromat .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl is playing with a dog .
a woman running .
a man shooting a gun .
a man is shooting a gun .
a man is sitting on a kitchen floor .
a man is working on a train car .
a man in a black shirt is standing at a grocery store .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is trying to put out a car .
a woman is walking down a street at night .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking a car .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
two children are holding up their hands .
a woman is holding balloons .
two children holding balloons .
two children holding balloons .
a woman standing next to children .
a boy and girl are holding balloons .
a woman holding balloons is holding balloons .
a woman holding balloons .
a girl sits near the ocean .
people riding motorcycles .
people are walking down a street .
people riding motorcycles .
people riding motorcycles .
people walking down the street .
a group of people riding down a busy street .
a group of people riding bikes .
police officers on motorcycles .
a crowd of people watching an accident .
a middle aged middle aged man is crossing the street .
a little boy plays in the sand .
a child playing in the sand .
people walking down the street .
a race car drives through a cloud of dust .
people are watching a car race .
a race car drives down the road .
two women are hugging each other .
a baby is crying .
cars race on a racetrack .
a man is running down the street .
four people , one wearing a yellow shirt and yellow and yellow , are on a black top .
two cars race in a race .
cars racing around a track .
cars racing around a track .
two cars are racing .
a group of people are racing .
a race car is racing .
a man is standing on rocks .
people sitting in a subway train .
a group of football players in white shirts are standing in front of a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people are kissing .
people gathered around a table .
a football game with a football game .
a shirtless man is helping a house .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a shirtless man with tattoos .
a street vendor is walking .
a man is leaning over a bucket on a ladder .
the cars are driving down the street .
a gymnast is waiting for a performance .
a woman is doing a handstand in front of a crowd .
a young girl doing a handstand .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a lady is waiting to cross the street .
a man wearing sunglasses and a woman wearing sunglasses .
a group of people are sitting on a bus .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting next to a window .
a man and woman are sitting in front of a window .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs running in a race .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a boy is sitting on the ground .
two men carry a trash bag .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a gymnast doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a child is throwing a child .
a man is throwing a child into the air .
a woman shaking a man 's hair .
a female gymnast wearing a green and white outfit is performing .
a man in a suit on a train .
a person is getting ready to throw something .
a man walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to start a race .
a man running .
a man is riding a bike .
a child wearing sunglasses .
a child plays with a toy .
men working on a project .
a woman is standing on the beach .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
two dogs play together .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a woman wearing a blue shirt is eating food in the kitchen of a restaurant .
a woman is eating dinner .
two dogs in a garden .
a group of people are doing a jump in the air .
people are walking down the street .
this is a hot air balloon .
a group of people are gathered around a hot air balloon .
a woman with long hair is sitting on a bench .
a boy leans on a table .
a child is sitting on a tire tire .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy is running .
two people kayaking .
a woman in a white dress is applying makeup .
a girl is talking .
a woman is fixing her hair .
a woman is using a mirror .
a girl getting her hair done .
a boy is looking at the camera while looking at the camera .
two women talking to each other .
a person poses for a picture .
a gymnast poses for a picture .
a gymnast performs on a balance beam .
a woman poses on a mat in a crowd .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue leotard poses for a picture .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a baseball player throwing the ball .
a baseball player prepares to hit a ball .
a football player runs towards the ball .
a baseball player gets ready to throw his plate .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a woman and a woman are dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a little girl is sitting on the ground .
a little girl swings on a swing .
a man is driving a large truck .
a group of people playing soccer .
a child playing with a toy .
people are standing in the air .
a group of children in a classroom .
a group of skiers in the sky .
a group of people are wearing yellow and yellow , yellow and yellow , yellow and yellow flags .
a woman is holding a baby .
a group of people are jumping into the air .
a child is smiling .
a group of men on a field .
a man is standing on the ground .
a man is sitting in a large vehicle .
two men competing in a race .
two girls standing next to water .
two men are talking to each other .
a man playing guitar .
a worker is looking at the street .
a girl is sitting on a bed .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man working on a machine .
a man standing in front of a bulldozer .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a snowboarder slides down a snowy hill .
a person is walking down the street .
a snowboarder in midair .
a person in the snow .
a man doing a trick on a snowboard .
a person in a blue shirt is in the snow .
a man is skiing down a snowy hill .
a group of people standing near a body of water .
a woman is laughing .
a family on the beach .
people enjoying the beach .
a family is sitting on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is mowing rocks .
two men are talking to each other .
people standing in front of a building .
a group of musicians playing music outside .
two men sit in the water .
a man in a black shirt holding a sign .
a group of men are playing tug of war .
a group of men in formal attire play tug of war while another man watches .
two asian men are walking down a street .
a group of men dressed in white and white uniforms are playing tug of war .
a group of people playing tug of war .
a group of people wearing red shirts .
two men holding a rope .
two guys are sitting in a bathtub .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
three girls on a balance beam .
two girls performing on rollerblades .
three young girls practicing gymnastics .
girls doing gymnastics .
three girls are standing on rollerblades .
three girls are doing gymnastics .
two girls in a gym .
three women are jogging .
two girls are playing on the sidewalk .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is walking down the street .
a surfer surfing a wave .
a group of people in a stadium .
a person playing in water .
people in a kitchen .
a group of people having fun .
a man playing guitar .
a black and white dog with a leash on .
a small white dog with a harness .
a dog looking at the camera .
a dog plays with a toy .
a black and white dog jumping over a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is smoking a cigarette in a pool .
a brown and white dog walking along the stairs .
a dog is walking under a staircase .
a man is sitting in a wheelchair .
a dog chews on its hind legs .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a man and a woman at a wedding .
a group of people standing in a station .
a woman is throwing a red frisbee .
a man grinding a skateboard .
a woman throwing a frisbee .
a man working with wood .
a man in a hard hat is welding .
a man working on a project .
a man is using a hammer .
a man is using a wheel .
a man uses a hammer .
a man is using a hammer .
a man using a tool .
a man using a tool .
a man using a hammer .
a baby is crying while holding a baby .
a boat in the water .
two young boys are walking down a street .
a group of people waiting for a bus .
two people are looking through a microscope .
a man playing an electric guitar .
three women dancing on stage .
a boat in the water .
girls playing on stage .
two women talking to each other .
a woman is smiling .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two women are sitting in a restaurant .
people attending a party .
a group of dancers dance .
a man in a white shirt is praying .
a man holding a camera .
four men in white robes are holding hands .
a brown dog is running in the water .
a man is shaking hands with a ring .
a soccer player prepares to kick a ball .
three men are standing outside .
a boy is playing in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people are posing for a picture at night .
a chef stands next to an assembly line .
a group of people in a classroom .
two dogs are running .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a woman is working on a loom .
two dogs are running in the grass .
a young lady taking a picture .
a woman holding a dog .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman walking .
a woman walking on the street .
two dogs stand near the water .
a young girl is giving a presentation .
a group of people are holding hands .
a young woman is checking her phone .
a blond woman wearing sunglasses is looking at her cellphone .
a woman holding a cellphone .
a girl is looking at her cellphone .
an asian man performing on stage .
a woman in a black coat talking on a cellphone .
a man in a pink shirt speaks into a microphone .
a singer in a red suit is singing into a microphone .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people walking in the city .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
two men fighting .
two people are looking at plants .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
children playing in a garden .
two children are playing in the grass .
a child in a swimming pool .
a woman holding a baby .
a boy on a diving board .
a group of people playing basketball .
two people walking down the street .
two men are carrying bags .
two guys are playing basketball .
a man walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a blue wall .
a city view of a city .
a child is playing in the snow .
a little girl is walking down the street .
a girl is jumping into the water .
a little girl slides down a slide .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy is getting ready to hit a baseball .
two girls in front of a body of water .
a girl playing soccer .
a baseball player is at a plate .
two women looking at the water .
a girl looking at the water .
two girls are laughing .
two girls are looking towards the water .
a group of people standing outside .
two girls are looking at the water .
two people are standing near a river .
a group of girls are playing .
a couple looking at an exhibit .
two people looking at pictures .
two people looking at pictures .
two people are looking at a piece of art .
two people are looking at something .
a group of people looking up .
a man is looking at something .
two men are talking to each other .
people sitting on a bench .
students are sitting in a classroom .
a group of students on a college campus .
a chef is wearing a black shirt .
a man and woman are standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is shaving .
a man standing in front of a grill .
a woman stands behind a fence .
a man is using a hammer .
a man is using a shovel in the street .
a man is standing in the street .
a man shoveling snow .
a man working on a roof .
people in an airport .
three people in an airport .
people walking down the street .
people waiting to cross the street .
three people are standing in an airport .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a window , while a man is standing next to him with a bag next to him .
a group of people in a building .
three people in an airport .
a group of children wearing black shirts .
a group of people walking down a hallway .
workers clean up a window .
a class of students in a classroom .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man holding a child on a tree branch .
children playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a woman sitting at a table .
two women wrestling .
a man is walking down the street .
two women in a ring .
two women wrestling in a crowd .
two girls are wrestling .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
people waiting at an airport at an airport .
a kid rides a skateboard at night .
young boys playing soccer .
a man playing the drums .
a group of people playing in the water .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting next to a beach .
a street performer stands by the beach .
a musician performs on the street .
a man rides a unicycle .
a man on a boardwalk .
a man playing a saxophone on the street .
a musician performs on a boardwalk .
a man is playing an accordion in front of a large mural .
a man playing a guitar in front of a mural .
a musician performs on stilts .
a musician performs on the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a street performer is standing on stilts .
a man selling items on the street .
an asian man sleeping on a bench .
an asian man is sitting on a subway .
an asian man sleeps on a subway .
a man is sleeping on a subway .
an asian man sleeps on a subway .
a man is sitting in the street .
people eating at a picnic table .
a man is eating outdoors .
people are eating .
two people eating a meal .
three women competing in roller derby .
two women are skating .
a group of people are walking down a street .
three greyhounds are racing around a track .
a man holding a sign .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men are pulling a rope .
a man is walking down the street .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a man in a car .
a police officer in a police uniform .
police officers on the street .
a man wearing a black jacket and black pants .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man is working on a fire .
people are gathered around a fire .
firefighters loading a building .
three men are looking through a fence .
two firemen are fighting .
four children are standing in a building .
people walking down a street .
a group of children are sitting in the dirt .
three children are writing on stones .
two men fishing on a dock .
a group of students in a classroom .
a woman getting ready to take a picture .
four men are sitting at a table .
people walking down the street .
a dog is playing with a tire .
a brown dog carries a tire in its mouth .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a dog is holding a tire .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a football player is attempting to tackle him .
a group of football players in a stadium .
football players playing football .
a football player in a blue uniform is about to catch a ball .
people playing a game .
two boys selling produce .
two children are at an outdoor market .
a boy wearing a red shirt is walking past a man selling food .
a young boy selling produce .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young man selling fruit for sale .
a little girl holding a doll .
a little girl is playing with her teeth .
a little girl playing with a toy .
a girl is playing with a plastic doll .
people are sitting at a table .
people eating in a restaurant .
a crowd of people dancing .
people attending a wedding .
people sitting at tables at tables .
students sitting in a classroom .
a group of students are watching a class .
two young men look at something .
a young child is looking through a microscope .
two women talking .
a group of people are looking at something .
people walking across a grassy field .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
two women are sitting at a table .
a young girl is looking at something .
three boys on a raft .
a brown and white dog jumps to catch a basketball .
a black and white dog jumps into a hoop .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a woman walking in the rain .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a girl in a green shirt is jumping in the grass .
a woman is applying mascara .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a woman in a black shirt with a black shirt on .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a woman is taking a picture .
people are walking in the snow .
a child plays with a toy .
skiers are skiing down a mountain .
a young boy doing a trick .
kids playing soccer .
a worker sweeping trash .
a couple taking a picture of a lake .
a man in a jumpsuit is riding a motorcycle .
a closeup of a boxer .
a group of people are standing outside .
a black dog is jumping into a pool .
a man is standing in front of palm trees .
a person riding a bike .
a person running .
two dogs walking in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman walking down the street .
two dogs are on a leash .
two dogs walking through the snow .
a dog is looking at a swimming pool .
people are swimming .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
people sitting at a table .
a group of people taking a picture .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people are taking pictures .
swimmers swimming .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a man sitting on top of a man sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man on the grass .
two artists painting an artist .
a girl rides a bike .
two boys at a fair .
a girl in a blue uniform sings into a microphone .
two dogs racing on a track .
a woman is walking with children .
two dogs racing .
four dogs racing .
a family is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a cardboard box .
a group of people walking .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are looking at something .
a man in a pink shirt is sitting on a rock .
a group of people in a museum .
a group of people talking outside .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a woman and her daughter shopping .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of men are speaking while listening to music .
people talking in public .
two boys are skating down a dirt road .
a man walking down the street .
four young men are playing musical instruments on stage .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
people are standing in the ocean .
a man pointing .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is giving a speech at night .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
a guy is mowing a lawn .
two women dancing outside .
two women in a forest .
a group of women are dancing .
two women are walking down a street .
a baby is sitting on a rug .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
two people are playing in the snow .
a man in a green t shirt is skateboarding on a wall with graffiti in the background .
a skateboarder grinds in front of graffiti covered wall .
a man wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a skateboarder slides down a ramp .
a man skateboarding .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .
a man skateboarding at a skate park .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a man is performing a trick .
a man giving a speech .
two men are talking .
a group of people are gathered together .
people are riding on a dirt road .
a police officer stands next to a police officer .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man playing tennis .
a little girl is playing in the hay .
people walking down a street .
a group of tourists walking up stairs .
a group of hikers are hiking through the snow .
a man doing a handstand .
a man working on a concrete block .
a man on a concrete block .
a man is standing on a concrete block .
a man working on scaffolding .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking in the woods .
people are walking down a street .
people walking on the street with trees in the background .
a young boy leans on a car .
a young boy is standing outside a building .
a boy is standing next to a car .
a man standing in front of a car .
a group of people going down a hill .
a man eating food .
a group of people are eating .
a woman is eating a meal .
a woman wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man is eating .
a girl swings on a swing .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl swings .
a girl laughing .
a dog wearing a red hat .
a young girl is sitting on a rock .
a group of friends posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man and a woman are riding a bike .
people in a park .
a woman standing on a bike .
a man and a woman in a park .
a small child wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is standing on top of a statue .
a young boy is standing on a podium .
a woman taking pictures .
a woman taking a picture .
a person taking a picture .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman in a pink dress is standing in a crowd .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a child stands on a post .
a woman taking a picture .
a little girl is sitting in a bed .
a woman in a red shirt is holding a camera .
a group of women running in a circle .
a group of people in a crowd .
a group of people are gathered around an event .
a group of children are singing .
four teenagers performing on stage .
children playing outside .
a man playing the drums .
women shopping for groceries .
two girls in bathing suits smiling .
a child plays with a toy .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man in a white shirt with white hair .
an elderly man is sitting on a bench on a bench .
people looking at something .
people talking on cellphones .
people walking down the street .
a group of people talking .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man is taking a picture of a dog .
a black and white dog jumping over a pole .
a dog chases a toy .
a man sitting at a table in a room .
a man looking at something .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run across a grassy field .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man sitting at a table .
two dogs run on a field .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running .
a man is sitting at a table eating food .
a group of men and women are outside .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar while another man watches .
people are listening to music .
an old man plays an electric guitar at a park .
four people sitting on a park bench .
four people are listening to music .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man plays guitar at a park .
a man playing a guitar .
a man rides a large wave .
a group of people gather outside .
a person walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
people buying fish at a market .
a woman holding flowers in her hand .
a woman shopping at a grocery store .
two men are talking to each other .
a cowboy is wearing a hat .
two men at a rodeo .
a cowboy at a rodeo .
a group of men are standing in a rodeo .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat .
a man is getting a haircut .
a black and white dog and a white and white dog .
the snow is covered in snow .
a puppy runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man playing a saxophone .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man is standing in front of a yellow fire .
a man in a blue shirt plays a saxophone .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing the drums .
a young man is playing basketball .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
a man is bowling .
a man in a sweater is sitting on a chair .
a man is bowling .
a man is playing a video game .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of people at a skate park .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
a kid jumps with a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a kid watches as a child watches .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a woman dressed in a white dress is walking .
a group of men in a ceremony .
a group of men are standing in the air .
two men are standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt holding a sign .
a group of men holding hands .
a group of men are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of men wearing white shirts .
a girl jumping into a pool .
a group of people are walking in a field .
a man is standing under a tent .
a man in a park .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is holding a frisbee .
a dog walks through the water .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a black and white dog jumps over a fence .
two people looking at the camera .
a group of people are racing .
a woman in a black dress stands in front of the ocean .
a woman wearing black .
a woman in a black dress stands in front of a black and white banner .
sky sky in the sky .
a woman walking down the street .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a dog runs through the grass .
two girls having fun .
two boys are pushing a shopping cart .
a child is trying to take a picture .
two men are standing next to each other .
a boy is holding a shopping cart .
a man is looking at something .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
people standing on stairs .
people climbing up stairs .
a man drawing a picture of a woman .
a group of people are climbing a metal fence .
people walking up stairs .
a man is painting an oven .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
people playing instruments .
three men posing for a picture .
a group of people are playing instruments .
people playing instruments .
people riding horses .
a band is playing music .
four men cutting wood .
men working on an art project .
four men are sitting on a tile floor .
four men working on a project .
an artist painting an artist .
two girls are laughing and looking away .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a person walking down the street .
a mountain biker flies through the air .
a black and white dog jumping .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a young boy does a skateboard trick .
a busy street .
two people are riding a vehicle .
two people riding their bikes .
a group of people walking down a road .
a man and woman are riding on a bus .
a woman rides a bike on a busy street with a man on a moped .
a man and woman ride down a path .
a woman riding a bike .
people riding on a train .
a man drinks from a beer .
two jockeys on horses .
two people dancing in the street .
a team watching a soccer game .
a group of people are walking .
people walking in the middle of the street .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are walking .
people at a sporting event .
a band performs on stage .
a toddler is standing in a doorway .
a person riding a bike through a wooded area .
a band is playing the drums .
a band is playing music .
a band performs on stage .
a man is looking off into the distance while looking into the distance .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking at something .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
people at a party .
people sitting at tables at a bar .
people celebrating a birthday party .
a group of people sitting at tables .
a woman at a party .
a man on a boat .
a man on a mountain .
a child in a costume .
a person is running down a mountain .
a woman jogging down a hill .
a man running down the street .
a man running .
a dog runs through the grass .
the snow is covered in snow .
a dog runs through snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
three men are on a boat .
a young man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a person on a beach .
a boy on a beach .
two boys riding skateboards .
a group of people are walking through a river .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a child in a red shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs run through the grass .
a boy in a red and white jacket is walking through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing together .
people are standing on a snowy ledge .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man standing outside .
a man standing outside .
a man standing outside .
an old man sitting on a bench .
a man in a leather jacket is smiling at the camera .
a man poses for a picture .
a toddler is on the snow .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a checkered shirt is fixing something .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black dog is walking on the beach .
a child is sliding down a snowy hill .
a skier is skiing down a hill .
a skier wearing a helmet is standing on the snow .
a man in a dark shirt is standing in a city .
a person skiing down a hill .
a person is sitting next to a sign .
three men playing instruments .
people gathered around a table .
a group of young people taking pictures .
a man is pushing a cart .
two men work together .
a man is pushing a shopping cart .
two men working on a project .
two men are climbing a log .
people are jumping on the beach .
two girls on a field .
a man throwing a baseball .
two men wearing hats .
two women running .
two women running down the street .
two women running around a track .
two girls are running .
a group of people in red and red uniforms compete .
a man using a laptop .
three men in a martial arts class .
two men competing in a competition .
two boys playing soccer .
two cheerleaders performing a routine .
a group of girls wearing white shirts .
a group of cheerleaders are cheering .
a group of people are walking .
two female cheerleaders , one in a white uniform and the other
a dog in the ocean .
a man doing a handstand on a bench .
two men are walking down a street .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are talking to each other .
a man shoveling snow .
a group of people are outside .
a group of girls playing outside .
people walking down a street .
two men are fighting .
a young child is watching a game .
a girl playing a game .
a man is standing on rocks .
a man giving a speech .
a man and woman dancing on a stage .
a group of people dancing .
a woman posing for a picture .
a person is skiing through snow .
a group of men at a street fair .
people walking down a street .
two men are working on scaffolding .
construction workers wearing reflective vests .
a dog swims in the water .
a child is looking at a wooden structure .
a child looking at the camera .
a child in a cave .
a child is sitting on a wooden structure .
a young child is looking at something .
a woman working on a loom .
people on a rock .
a small child is being helped out of a bowl of food .
a man walking down the street .
an elderly man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
an older man with a cane walks on a sidewalk .
an old man is walking down the street .
a man taking a picture .
a group of women walking by a street .
a woman and a man on the beach .
a man is taking a picture of a woman .
a man is cooking food .
two people are walking down the street .
a little girl in a black shirt is looking at a creek .
two people are on the side of the road .
a football player is looking at the ball .
a football player looking at the ball .
soccer players are standing in a soccer field .
people playing soccer on a soccer field .
a group of athletes playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a baseball player is being tackled by another player .
a group of people standing around .
people standing on a cement structure .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
people at a shopping mall .
a man working on a metal beam .
a baseball player catching a ball .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a chair on a chair with his legs crossed .
a woman standing next to a lamp post .
a man walking in the water .
a bearded man playing a guitar .
the lead singer is running on the cheek .
a man playing a guitar .
the lead singer is playing the guitar .
a man with long hair plays the acoustic guitar .
construction workers taking a break .
people are sitting on a train .
a blond boy is sitting in a stroller .
two men are playing in the sand .
three construction workers are working in the city .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill .
a man drinking a drink .
a lady walking in a park .
a man reading a newspaper .
people are eating .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man looking into the distance .
people walking down a street .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a car .
a man in a car .
a marketplace full of vegetables .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman walking down a street .
an asian street vendor is selling produce and vegetables .
people shopping in a market .
a man selling flowers and flowers .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man stands in front of a crowd .
a man is holding a video camera .
a man is walking in front of a crowd of people .
a man walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a small white dog in the water .
a snowboarder hangs upside down .
a man falling into the water .
a man skiing down a mountain .
two women wearing hats and carrying shopping bags .
two people are cleaning a building .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a little girl is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a girl in pink stands in a puddle .
a child swimming in water .
two people running outside .
a man driving a car .
two women are looking at the water .
two people are standing near the ocean .
two people running in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt smiles at a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a middle eastern country is running down the street .
a man taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a man in a blue shirt , while a man stands in front of him .
a woman in a classroom .
a woman is opening a present .
a blond woman is looking at something .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a group of young women looking at something .
a woman brushing her teeth .
a woman opening a present .
a woman is opening a present .
a woman is opening a present .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a camera .
a girl sings into a microphone .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman is using a microphone .
a girl playing the violin .
a group of friends celebrating a party .
a person laying down on the ground .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are walking through a marketplace .
a group of asians are shopping outside .
a dog runs with a stick .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white polo polo polo shirt is playing a golf game .
a man with a blue gloves and blue gloves is pouring something into a cup .
a man and woman in a kitchen .
a group of people holding hands .
an asian man speaks into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man giving a speech .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a blond child is crying .
a little boy is standing on a cliff .
a baby is crying .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
an elderly man and woman are working on a project .
a student is lying down .
an old man with a hat and a hat is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman stands next to a woman with an umbrella .
a woman pushing a cart .
a man working on a machine .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a long sleeved shirt is standing next to a long pole .
a man working on a machine .
two dogs in a field .
a woman pushing a wheelbarrow .
two dogs in a field .
two dogs standing in a field .
a girl laying on a wall .
a man and woman stand outside a restaurant .
a person standing next to a door .
two men are talking to each other .
a man is standing in front of a building .
two people are looking at something .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a woman holding a baby .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people in a soccer game .
a man drinking coffee .
a couple talking outside .
a child at a sporting event .
two people standing outside .
a young boy holding an object .
a group of people walking down the street .
the sun sets in the sun .
the sun sets in the sun .
a large crowd of people are standing under a green tent .
a group of people sitting at a picnic table .
a man running .
a man in a hat is jumping into the air .
two men practicing martial arts .
two men fighting .
children playing at a park .
children playing on a swing .
children playing outside .
two men are walking down the street .
a girl holding a camera .
a little girl holding a camera .
a girl is holding a camera .
a young girl holding a camera .
a girl holding a camera .
a little boy is holding a vacuum .
a child plays with a vacuum cleaner .
a little boy plays with a little boy in a blue shirt .
a child playing with a toy .
a group of children playing together .
a boy and a woman walk down the street .
a construction worker is working on a tree .
a man rock climbing .
a person is holding a bowl .
a woman is playing with a bowl .
a young boy is running down the street .
a woman is balancing a bowl on her head .
a group of people playing in the air .
a man is throwing a frisbee in the air .
a man in a baseball cap juggling .
a man in a black shirt is juggling something .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a tennis ball .
a man juggling knives .
a man in a swimming pool .
four men are working on a car .
four people posing for a picture .
a child is blowing bubbles on the beach .
a child is looking at the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a policeman stands next to a motorcycle .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a police officer on the street .
a basketball player attempts to block the ball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player is running towards the ball .
a man wearing a black shirt .
basketball players playing basketball .
a young boy is getting a gun .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a street vendor with a bicycle .
a person is holding something in his hand .
a woman walking down the street .
an asian woman holding a cart full of goods .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle with a basket .
a man rides a bike with a basket .
a man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt road .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man pushing a cart .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man working on a project .
a jockey rides a bucking horse .
a man is sleeping on a bed .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeps while sleeping on a couch .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man is sleeping on a bed .
a man jumps over another man .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people are gathered outside .
children at a dock .
a group of people wearing blue shirts .
a group of people holding buckets .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing next to a stove .
two men playing instruments .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman .
children look at their cameras .
two girls in winter coats .
a young girl is showing something to a group of people .
two african american people stand in front of a building .
a man standing next to a machine .
a man working on a machine .
a man operating a machine .
a man working on a machine .
a man working on a piece of machinery .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man in an orange vest is operating the snow .
a group of soldiers hold guns .
a man is cooking bread .
a man is cutting something .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a child rides a bike .
two women smiling .
a child on a bicycle .
a young child rides a bike .
a man is playing with a child .
a boy rides a bike .
three men are standing on a street corner .
a street vendor pushes a cart .
a young man talking on his cellphone .
a man with a beard is holding a video camera .
a man with a mohawk is talking on a cellphone .
a woman carrying two dogs .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is walking down a street .
two dogs riding in a vehicle .
a man rides a skateboard .
a man doing a flip on a skateboard .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man does a trick on a surfboard .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
men standing on a rock .
a man is riding a bike .
two men sit on a bench .
four people working on a train .
four people are working together .
four people working on a train .
four people are working together .
four people are walking down the street .
a skateboarder jumps in the air .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder in front of a building .
a group of people attending a party .
a man riding a bike .
a person is carrying a yellow bag to cross the road .
two bicyclists are riding along railroad tracks .
people riding bikes along a railroad track .
people walking down a street .
two people riding bikes .
two people are riding bikes .
two people riding bikes .
two people are riding bikes .
people riding bikes .
two people are riding bikes .
a biker on a bike .
a man on a skateboard .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a man is standing on a board .
a person is standing on a sidewalk .
a person walking down the street .
a person is sitting on the ground .
a woman holding a purse .
a young girl swimming .
a person is holding a ball .
a person wearing a swimsuit is swimming .
a scuba diver diving into a pool .
a young girl in a blue shirt is jumping into a pool .
a young girl wearing goggles and goggles is swimming .
a young child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child swims in the water .
a group of people on a boat .
a man working on a machine .
a man is holding a chain .
a man is holding something .
a man is holding a chain .
a man with a chain in his hands .
a man is holding a chain .
a man in a blue shirt holding a chain .
an older man is holding something .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a train .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men are looking at something .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
three men are standing in the snow .
a man is pushing a cart .
a woman holding a camera .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a jockey rides a horse .
a woman is taking a picture of a sculpture .
a person on a horse .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt and red pants is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is walking down a street .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
this is a picture of a man .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a red and blue ball .
the bears are looking at plants .
a wedding cake with candles and candles .
a bride and groom look on .
the bears are sitting on a cake .
a birthday cake with a cake .
a boy kicking a volleyball .
a man in a forest .
a biker in a forest .
a man rides a bike in the woods .
a guy riding a motorbike .
two men are walking down a street with a bike in the background .
a horse jumps over a fence .
two horses are riding horses .
a wooden fence with a rope in the background .
two horses are in a field with a fence in the background .
three horses are outside .
a man is talking .
people are walking down the street .
a hot air balloon .
a group of people on a busy street .
a crowd of people in a street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a tourist is taking a picture in the rain .
this is a beautiful day .
the sun sets in the sun .
people are walking down the street .
the teddy bear is white .
the teddy bear is white .
the teddy bear is in the air .
the teddy bear is on the bottom of the teddy bear .
the teddy bear has a teddy bear .
a puppy with a mohawk .
the teddy bear has its mouth open .
the teddy bear has its mouth open .
the teddy bear has its nose .
the teddy bear has a mohawk .
there is a picture of a building .
a man stands next to a building .
a picture of a building in front of a building .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a street sign in front of a building .
a truck drives by a truck .
the truck is driving .
a boat in the water .
the truck is sitting in front of a boat in the background .
there is a truck in the background and a man in the background .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a woman is kissing a man on a bicycle .
two children sleeping .
a woman is leaning on a couch .
a woman and a woman kissing .
a woman is kissing by a tree .
a couple kissing .
two children playing tug of war .
a musician playing the guitar .
a little girl climbing a tree .
three girls are playing with a small dog with a small dog on the back of the back .
a man is standing in front of a sign .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a man is playing a piano .
two children playing with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is giving a tennis ball .
a man is sitting on his cellphone .
children sleeping on a bench .
a dog chases a goat .
two children , one wearing a white shirt and the other in black , are playing with a white goat .
two dogs play tug of war .
a man surfing on a surfboard .
a man surfing a wave on a beach .
a woman in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a woman is preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman is in a kitchen .
a woman reading a newspaper on a ledge .
a group of people are carrying flags in an arena .
a stadium full of people .
a man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people holding hands .
a woman paints a wall .
a man pointing at the camera .
a woman in a white tank top is painting .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is working on a wall .
a woman wearing a tank top and a tank top .
a child is playing with a pot .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is walking with a coffee cup .
a young girl in a blue shirt is standing in a gym .
a young girl is sweeping .
a boy stands next to a fountain .
a person riding a bike .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a crowd watches as a man watches .
a biker on a dirt bike .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is smoking a motorcycle .
a girl walking down the street .
workers are standing on the ground .
three people are sitting on a ledge .
a man wearing a cowboy hat is riding a motorcycle .
three people are sitting on the ground .
a dog with a piece of wood .
a dog is holding a stick .
a small white dog is playing with a stick .
a brown and white dog is jumping into the water .
two children in blue shirts are playing .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a man is playing a violin .
a woman is playing with a puppet .
a young woman is playing with a puppet .
a woman holding a puppet .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing .
a man doing a flip .
a group of people holding microphones .
two men on horses .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking .
two girls are playing musical instruments .
a group of people holding a large object .
two children are having a conversation .
two kids playing in the sand .
fans cheering in a stadium .
two babies are sitting on a bench .
a baby is crying .
two babies are sitting in a blue boat .
two babies are playing in the living room .
a girl is sitting on the ground .
soccer players playing soccer .
two people walking on a wet sidewalk .
a group of people in a park .
two girls wearing shorts .
two girls playing outside .
two girls are playing in the water .
two people walking down the street .
two girls playing outside .
girls standing in a puddle .
a group of children playing in the water .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
two women kissing .
a man performing on stage .
a man is playing piano .
a man playing the violin .
a man playing the violin .
a man is playing the guitar .
people walking down a street .
two men in white lab coats working in a lab .
two people in lab coats .
two firefighters filling a pot .
a scientist in a laboratory .
a group of girls are holding umbrellas .
a group of people dancing .
people dancing .
a group of cyclists race down the street .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a duck swims through the water .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to throw a bow .
a little boy plays with a toy .
a man is working on a tree .
a child stands outside .
a boy is holding books in his arms .
a boy is standing on a hill .
two boys are playing basketball .
a child playing in the water .
two young boys are getting ready to hit the ball .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys are throwing a ball .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a black and white dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a man is painting a picture .
two women are standing with a snowman .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog jumping .
a dog on a couch .
a black and white dog jumping over a couch .
a dog in a house .
a dog is jumping on a couch .
a dog is on a couch .
a brown dog is jumping on a couch .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man with glasses and glasses speaks into a microphone .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man in a suit is singing .
a group of people are standing outside .
a person swimming underwater .
an old man in a blue shirt is holding something .
a woman looking at something .
two women wearing dresses .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a person riding a bike .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping off of a cliff .
a bicyclist is jumping over a mountain .
a biker rides down the street .
a man riding a mountain bike .
a toddler plays with a toy toy .
two older men are looking through binoculars .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a white dog is running on the beach .
a white dog is running on the beach .
a dog runs on the beach with a stick .
a woman is sitting on a rug .
a woman is taking a break .
a brown and white dog is on the beach .
two dogs run through a grassy field .
a man with a beard stands outside .
a man is standing on a rocky hill .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is standing on a hill .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is holding an axe .
a woman carrying a child .
a woman holding a child .
a woman carrying a young boy .
a stadium full of people .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a brown and white dog is running .
a brown dog is playing with a green object .
students posing in front of a sign .
two people practicing martial arts .
a group of people are gathered together .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are getting ready to cross the street at night .
a biker on a path .
people on a boat in the water .
two people fighting .
a man walking down the street .
people shopping at a market .
a woman is walking next to a woman on a cellphone .
a man is standing in a store .
a man in a kilt and a woman wearing a kilt .
a man dressed in a black outfit .
a woman in a store .
two friends enjoying the day .
a man with a mohawk poses with his arms .
two young girls are eating ice cream .
two girls are eating ice cream .
a woman on a scooter .
a young lady is holding her hand .
a man is getting ready for a ride .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is standing next to a motorcycle .
a man holding a baby .
a man is sitting with a baby .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is playing his guitar .
a man is getting his haircut .
a man watches a boat .
a man is cutting a cake .
a man carries a baby .
a woman holding a newborn baby .
a child plays with a toy .
a man playing the accordion on the street .
two men playing soccer .
a young girl is swimming in a pool .
a little girl in a bathing suit poses for a picture .
a girl swimming in a swimming pool .
two people are performing a dance .
a woman wearing a black dress .
two people are rollerskating .
people taking pictures .
a female gymnast is doing a handstand on a mat .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a man is training .
a girl doing gymnastics .
a girl doing gymnastics .
a girl in a blue shirt is kicking a ball .
a girl in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
people walking down a street .
an artist working on an art project .
an artist working on a project .
an artist is working on a loom .
an artist working on a piece of art .
an artist working on an art project .
a man in a white shirt stands in front of a shop .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a group of children standing next to each other .
a group of kids in a band .
a crowd watches a crowd .
children playing on a stage .
a little girl in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue shirt are cheering .
the young boy is sleeping in front of a building .
two people preparing food .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a child is lying on a wall .
a baseball player throws a ball .
people are cooking in a kitchen .
an elderly woman with gray hair is standing on a sidewalk .
a baby sleeping in a crib .
a woman is walking down the sidewalk .
a baby in a blue shirt is sleeping in a chair .
a baby sleeping on a bed .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
a baby sleeping on a bed .
a baby sleeping on a bed .
a woman in a gym .
a woman standing in the street .
a baby sleeping .
a group of people are dancing .
a boy plays in the water .
a fisherman fishes .
a man is standing in a boat .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man wearing a hat and a hat is standing on a boat .
a man is standing on a boat .
a woman in a black jacket is pushing a bucket .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman is making pottery .
two dogs playing with each other .
a clown rides a bike .
a brown dog biting another dog .
a man drinking a beverage .
a boy is drinking from a juice container .
a child drinks from a juice container .
a young boy having a drink .
a child is making a drink .
a man performing a trick .
four people dancing .
two women playing a game .
two children are playing outside .
cheerleaders performing on stage .
a woman walking down the street .
two men playing chess .
an old woman is walking down the street with a woman in the background .
a woman is holding flowers .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people are looking at the water .
a group of people looking at a bridge .
a group of men fishing in a river .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a biker rides a bike .
a boy in a blue jacket is playing baseball .
a woman sitting next to a door .
a child rides a motorcycle .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a child rides a bike with his bike .
a person riding a bike .
a child is riding a bike .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a person climbing a rock .
a man skateboarding .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man rock climbing .
a rock climber rock climbing .
a dog runs through a creek .
a child taking a picture .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is running through the river .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
a young man in a white shirt is doing a flip .
a group of people in an office .
a group of people gathered around a table .
two men are walking down the street .
two men working on a project .
two construction workers are working on a roof .
a group of children are playing outside .
children in red robes stand in a circle .
children dressed in red and red robes .
people standing on grass .
children walking across a field .
a man is standing next to a cart .
a teacher is talking to her teacher .
a group of people walking along a road .
a woman is walking down a street .
a man is jumping his head over his head .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a little boy slides down a slide .
a boy wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue jeans .
a boy in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
a young boy is getting ready to catch a baseball .
a young boy is doing a handstand .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man is balancing his leg .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man is walking his bike .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two basketball players playing basketball .
four men are riding bikes .
an orchestra performs for a concert .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a woman walking on a sidewalk .
a child walking on a sidewalk .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman in a hat is walking down the street .
a woman with long hair is holding a volleyball .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman reading a book .
a man reading a book on a dirt trail .
a man reading a book on a dirt trail .
a man reading a book .
a man reading a newspaper .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two people are playing chess .
two men are carrying their children .
two people are carrying bags .
four people are sitting on a bench .
two men carrying a woman .
a group of children riding their bikes .
two young boys are sitting on a bench .
two men carrying bags .
two men are walking down a street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people playing chess .
a man and woman are crossing the street .
two people on a boat .
a man and woman walking down the street .
a worker repairing a window .
a person hiking in the snow .
a group of people shopping for produce .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is working on a ladder .
children look at toys .
a man sitting on a piano .
a young man surfing a wave .
kids eating lunch at school .
a man is walking with his bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a biker rides a bike .
a group of people are eating .
a group of men at a protest .
a person wearing a helmet .
a group of people are sitting outside .
children playing on the beach .
two men playing soccer .
a group of boys are playing in a field .
two boys play in the water .
people are sitting outside under umbrellas .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people are walking around a market .
a woman holding a child .
people are watching a performance .
a man is reading a newspaper .
basketball players on a basketball court .
a person is climbing up a cliff .
two men working on a roof .
people walking down the sidewalk .
people walking past a large building .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking a dog .
a man is walking on a sidewalk with a cow on it .
a man with a dog on his head .
a man is walking in the snow .
a woman walking down the street .
people walking .
a man carrying a sign is standing in the rain .
a woman and child holding flowers .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is looking out of a building .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a bicycle down the stairs .
a woman is holding a shopping bag .
a woman walking on the street .
a woman in a black shirt is talking .
a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
a woman is walking down the street on the street .
a woman selling flowers .
a man holding flowers .
a parade in a parade .
a group of people are standing outside .
a chef is preparing food .
a man in a yellow shirt is writing .
a group of people are parked near a yellow building .
a group of people are sitting near a yellow building .
cars parked in the street .
a group of people are standing around a building .
people sitting by a building .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman at a market .
two people wearing black shirts and black pants are playing guitars .
a man is holding a sign .
a woman buying fruit .
a woman is holding fruit .
two people buying food in a market .
a man in a wheelchair at a sporting event .
two women are sitting at a table .
two women talking to each other .
two people are sitting on the edge of the beach .
two women sit on a bench .
two women are sitting in front of a table with various types of fish on display .
a boy fishing .
a man using a knife .
two men drinking beer .
a man with no shirt is doing a trick .
a man in a blue shirt is bending over .
a man holding a gun .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a man in a white shirt is pointing at something .
a woman wearing a black jacket and black boots .
a little girl slides down a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants .
a girl slides down a slide .
a child plays the drums .
two boys fishing .
a child is looking at a microscope .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man wearing a hat .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a small child wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman and a dog in a rowboat .
a man is holding up a tent .
three people are playing a game of musical instruments .
people in a building .
a group of people in a bar .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are having drinks .
a man cutting up a roof .
people having drinks .
a woman is jumping on the beach .
kids playing soccer .
a person is riding a bike .
a man wearing a green shirt .
a person is wearing sunglasses .
a dog plays with a toy .
a man rides a bike .
a girl swings on a swing .
a toddler swinging .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a young girl swinging on a swing .
two men are walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture of a van .
a girl is swinging a swing .
people are looking at a chair .
a man is standing next to a house .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
two people standing in front of a building .
two people are looking at a table in front of a restaurant .
two people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt plays a guitar .
two people are standing in front of a building .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
an artist working on a sculpture .
a man using a hammer .
a man in a red shirt using a loom .
a man paints a stone building .
a man is lying on the grass with his hands out .
a man laying in the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing to the camera .
a man playing an instrument .
a man on the grass .
a group of girls in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is painting a picture .
a man in a cap is working on a wall .
a man working on a machine .
three young women are posing for a picture with their hands .
girls posing for a picture .
a boy painting a wall .
a woman dances with her band .
a young girl is playing with a red ball .
a woman in a red dress is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is playing with a red balloon .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a garden .
a woman is playing a trumpet .
a woman holding a toy .
a woman in a red and white costume dances in front of a crowd of people .
a kid practicing tricks on a skateboard .
a boy is playing in a room .
a man in a white shirt is performing a trick .
three young boys are cooking .
a woman on a street .
a woman carrying a briefcase .
a woman is taking a picture .
two boys in a kitchen .
two women are looking at each other .
three women looking at the camera .
two women looking at something .
two women looking at the camera .
a group of women are looking at something .
two women are looking at something .
women wearing skirts .
a group of women are walking down the street .
three women are standing outside .
three women are walking down the street .
three women are walking down the street .
a group of women walking down the street .
people are standing outside .
firemen carry a hose .
a man is sitting on a tractor .
a man is sitting next to equipment .
a group of children are playing in the street .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a girl on a cellphone .
two men riding horses in a dirt field .
two men playing tug of war .
two women are walking down the street .
two men face each other .
a man in a white shirt is making a funny face .
a woman sitting on a wall .
a boy jumps into the air next to a tree .
a parade in a parade .
a man holding a flag .
a man in a parade .
a child is playing in the snow .
a crowd of people in a parade .
three men giving a presentation .
two men are giving a presentation .
two men are sitting at a table .
a group of people at a conference .
a man and a woman are playing with a mountain .
a man is hiking through the mountains with his dog .
a man is looking at a machine .
people are standing by a pool .
two men standing next to a truck .
two men talking to each other in the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man is standing next to another man .
two men talking in the street .
a man is speaking to another man .
a man is giving a presentation .
two people talking to each other .
a man is talking to a man with a microphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a group of people are talking .
two men talking to each other .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is standing on stage .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a person is running through a field .
a young boy playing hockey .
a football player runs with a football .
two men playing basketball .
two boys playing hockey .
a boy playing a game .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man reading a newspaper while waiting for a bus .
a man holding a protest sign .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people dancing at a party .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a man is ice climbing .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a child playing in water .
a child running on the grass .
a group of people in a park .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a person on a board .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick in a skate park .
a man carrying a sign .
people are standing outside of a monument .
a man holding a bottle of beer in front of a christmas tree .
a man is standing outside .
a man is painting a building .
a group of people at a meeting .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man working on a ladder .
a group of people watching a presentation .
a man is standing on the roof of a painting of an empty door .
a man is painting a building .
a man is standing on a ladder in front of a sculpture of a man with a beard .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a man is holding a microphone .
two men are standing on the ground .
a group of people in the air .
a group of people on the beach .
a boy jumping in the water .
a group of people walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people are dancing .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a snowy mountain with mountains in the background .
a snowy mountain with mountains in the background .
a mountain covered mountain .
people sitting in the sun .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is looking down .
a man standing at a stop sign .
a man is crossing the street .
a man is crossing the street .
a person walking on the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking by a sign .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing by a stop sign .
a man walking down the street .
two men are standing next to each other .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a family is eating wine .
a person is taking a picture .
a clown is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing around .
a little girl is jumping on a trampoline .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a group of people playing soccer .
a little girl in a purple shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl with sunglasses on .
a little girl with sunglasses on her face .
a young girl wearing a black jacket and a black jacket is smiling .
a child wearing a black and white striped shirt .
a person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk .
a person is walking down the street .
a man with a beard and glasses is pouring water .
a man is cooking food .
a man with long hair is cutting a pot .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is cutting a pot on a stove .
a man with long hair and a brown shirt is standing next to a pot of bread .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a man cooking a pot in a kitchen .
a man in a kitchen holding a knife .
a pilot is driving an airplane .
a man is operating a helicopter .
a pilot in a white shirt looks at an airplane .
a woman with a scarf is talking to a woman with a scarf .
a woman is holding a newspaper .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
a woman in a white shirt is making a funny face .
two girls are laughing .
a group of people walking around a beach .
two people are holding a bucket .
a person is jumping on a snowy mountain .
people skiing down a snowy mountain .
a group of people doing a jump .
people skiing down a snowy hill .
a group of people at a party .
a man and woman walk along a walkway .
a group of boys walking on a beach .
two boys playing in the sand .
three children are playing a game .
people attending an event .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person walking down the street .
a child walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
people are performing on stage .
a group of dancers dancing .
a group of dancers dance for an audience .
a group of dancers are performing .
a group of dancers dance for a crowd .
a group of people dancing .
people having drinks .
people sitting at a bar .
children playing soccer .
three men drinking beer in a bar .
a group of football players on the field .
a group of people at a football game .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a crowd watches a football game .
a young lady taking pictures .
a football player is running .
an elderly couple walking down an alley .
a street sign with graffiti on it .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a man and a child are at the beach .
a band is performing on the sidewalk .
a band is playing music .
a man is looking at sheet music .
performers performing on the street .
a band plays for a crowd .
children play in the grass .
two children playing outside .
a mother and son are helping a young child .
two children are playing in the grass .
a couple walking down the street .
children playing outside .
dancers performing .
a group of men are standing in a field .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a smiling man smiling .
two people are standing by a tent .
a group of people listening to music .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a group of people working outside .
a person rides a bike .
a man in front of a crowd .
a crowd of people are clapping .
a person rides a motorcycle .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man doing a jump on his bike .
a group of people working outside .
a group of children working on a project .
a man playing a sport .
people watching a soccer match .
a man is playing soccer .
an asian man playing tennis .
a man swinging a racket .
a soccer player in a white uniform is running .
a crowd of people are walking around .
a yellow car is parked in the dirt .
a group of people standing next to a car .
two men fighting .
a group of people competing in a race .
two men fighting .
two men fighting .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a person on a rope .
a woman holding up her hands .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a child is painting a bicycle on a bicycle .
two boys play chess in a pool .
a young boy is climbing his bike on his bike .
a man and a young boy are playing chess .
a group of children playing outside .
a woman playing tennis .
two people playing a game .
two men running .
a girl in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a man walking towards the escalator .
a woman with brown hair is holding a microphone .
a man pushing a stroller on the sidewalk .
a policeman is crossing the sidewalk on the sidewalk .
a young man surfing on a beach .
an adult and a child are working in a classroom .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a little girl smiles .
children playing soccer .
a small child is teaching something .
a man is dancing .
a man with a beard plays an accordion .
a man wearing a blue shirt is walking past an escalator .
a child is using a hammer .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing an electric guitar .
a bearded man is playing a musical instrument .
a man with a guitar is sitting on a bench .
a group of children are sitting around a table .
a person riding a bike .
a child is sitting at a table .
a child is drawing something .
a young boy is coloring .
a man repairing a bicycle .
family shopping at a shopping mall .
a family is standing in a shop .
a family is waiting for a market .
children at a carnival game .
a group of children are climbing a rock .
children playing on a wooden structure .
a group of children playing at a carnival .
children at a carnival game .
people sitting on a park bench .
children sitting on a carnival ride .
a group of children sit on a carnival ride with balloons and balloons .
two people climbing a rock .
a man running in a race .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman in a microphone is speaking into a microphone .
three women are having fun .
two women laughing .
a group of young women having fun .
two women are laughing and laughing .
two women laughing .
a group of friends are laughing .
four women are eating dinner .
four women are having fun .
four women are laughing and laughing .
two women laughing at a table .
a group of women are sitting around a table eating .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a board .
an older man in a blue shirt is playing with something .
a man is using a piece of equipment .
an old man working on a machine .
two women are wearing brown coats .
a woman walking down the street .
women walking down the street .
two women walk past two women .
two women wearing black coats .
two women hugging each other .
two women talking to each other .
a woman in black is speaking into a microphone .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
an elderly couple walking down the street .
two people walking on the grass .
a crowd of people in red and white .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people are outside .
a man jogging in a marathon .
a dog chases a ball .
two dogs play in a grassy field .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs play in the grass .
three dogs play in the snow .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman is crying .
people sitting at a table .
a man walks by a window .
a skier skiing down the water .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
people climbing rocks .
two women climbing a rock .
a group of girls in a classroom with a man in the background .
two basketball players are fighting .
a man and a child stand next to each other .
two girls are standing outside .
a man is crossing the street .
people at a fair .
two girls eating ice cream .
people enjoying drinks outside .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man jogging .
a man drinking a drink at a bar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a man rides a bike .
a group of teenagers playing in the sand .
people are standing around a table .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
people are standing outside .
an elderly woman in a city .
a group of people on the sidewalk .
a group of people are standing in front of a store .
two young boys are kissing .
a group of people posing in the sand .
two dogs running through a sprinkler .
a woman wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a small brown dog is playing in the water .
a group of people sitting at tables in a classroom .
an african american man in an orange shirt is working on a laptop .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man plays a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and a dog are outside .
people sitting in a train .
a group of people standing together .
people wearing hats .
people standing around a subway station .
a couple walking through the city .
a man is taking a photograph .
a basketball player in a white jersey is attempting to block the ball .
a girl is brushing a horse .
a girl is riding a horse .
a woman in a pink shirt is riding a horse .
a little girl brushing her teeth .
a bald man is playing a game of tennis .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a football player tries to catch the football .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man working on a building .
a football player runs with a ball .
a man working on a machine .
people taking pictures .
a man on a basketball court .
three people are walking down the street .
people are climbing a large rock .
three people are looking at something .
people are walking down a street .
people standing outside .
two people are standing outside .
a bald man is sitting at a desk .
two people working on a project .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people playing soccer .
children running down the street .
a child smiling and smiling .
a little girl poses with a girl .
a singer performs on stage .
a man holding a door .
an old man is walking down the street .
an old man walking away from the camera .
a group of people playing instruments .
a smiling man smiling .
a construction worker rides a bike .
a little girl in a pink shirt is brushing her teeth .
a woman in a blue shirt is skiing .
a child is looking at something .
a young girl poses for a picture .
people gathered outside .
a group of students are sitting at a table .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a group of football players playing football .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of hockey players are fighting .
a man swings his arms .
a woman sitting on a couch .
a woman holding a paper in front of her .
a woman holding a fishing pole .
a woman is eating a beverage .
a woman is eating something .
a man is eating .
people hiking on a trail .
two people walking down the street .
a man and woman perform on stage .
a group of children are standing together .
a little girl wearing a blue shirt and shorts .
men working in a kitchen .
a woman in a kitchen kitchen .
a man and a woman are watching a group of people in a gymnasium .
a group of people are gathered around a city street .
two women cooking food .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a girl is leaning against a tree .
two people looking at a cart full of produce .
a man and a boy are selling groceries .
two people are standing in front of a cart full of vegetables .
a young man is picking up fruit with a young boy .
a man and a young boy are standing in front of a produce market .
a woman on the grass .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a butcher working in a butcher shop .
a man is sitting on a bench with his eyes closed .
a group of people are talking .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are jumping off a pier .
four children are waiting for the camera .
people jumping into water .
two children jumping into the water .
two people are looking at the water .
a man is washing the steps outside .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a military suit .
a group of people are playing in a game .
a group of people are in an outdoor festival .
a person throwing a ball .
people standing outside a building .
a street vendor is sitting at a table .
football players playing football on a field .
a football player is running towards the football .
a dog laying on the ground .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a brown dog with a ball in its mouth .
a football player prepares to tackle the ball .
a baseball player prepares to kick the ball in the air .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of people standing outside at night .
a crowd of people are walking in the streets .
a group of people are gathered outside of a tent .
people watching fireworks .
a group of people are walking .
a man practicing karate moves .
two men riding bikes .
two bicyclists riding bikes .
two men wearing helmets are riding bikes .
two people riding bikes in a city .
two people riding bikes .
two bicyclists ride down the street .
a group of people riding bikes in the street .
two people ride a bike .
two people riding bikes .
a bulldozer digging in a field .
a man is digging a hole on rocks .
a man working on a bulldozer .
a man drives a tractor .
a man working on a roof .
a man is driving a tractor .
a tractor driving through a field .
a man sitting on a bench .
three people are playing instruments in the street .
a man holding a drink .
two men are eating fruit .
a man sleeping in a chair .
a bald man is sitting in a chair .
a bald man is sitting on a bench holding a drink .
a man is sleeping with a drink .
a young man in a striped shirt is sleeping on a couch .
a man is sitting at a table .
a girl painting .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a girl drawing a drawing .
a young girl is painting .
a girl is using a piece of art .
a little girl is sleeping on a bench .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
a little girl is eating ice cream .
a person sitting on a bench next to a bicycle with a bicycle next to her .
a woman getting ready to cross the beach .
a man is lying down .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a black dog running in the sand .
a man is laying on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt with his eyes closed .
a boy in a white shirt prepares to hit a baseball .
a group of people are sitting in a tent .
a puppy is sitting next to the ocean .
a group of people are standing in front of a sign .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of people are protesting .
people holding signs .
two men protesting .
a group of people are talking .
a man in a black and white uniform is running a race .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people sitting on a railing .
people are riding motorcycles .
there are trees in the woods .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people are working in a building .
a group of people are standing on a street .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a man in a black shirt is looking at something .
a person riding a bike .
a boy doing tricks on his skateboard .
a man playing baseball .
a football player is running towards the base .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a baseball player throws a ball .
a man in a green shirt is getting ready to throw a baseball .
cars parked on the street .
a bmx rider jumping over a ramp .
two men are standing outside a building .
people are standing in front of cars .
two men in hard hats are standing outside .
a man in a blue vest is driving a car .
a woman rides a bicycle .
a man is leaning into the back of a car .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man on a bicycle .
two men are talking to each other .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two men talking to each other .
a man talking to a group of people .
a man is laying down on the pavement .
a woman hanging over a cliff .
a man is walking behind a woman .
an elderly couple are gathered in a room .
a man and woman look at a camera .
two people are standing in front of a road next to a road .
a group of children are playing outside .
children playing in the water .
children playing in the water .
a group of people walking on the street .
a crowd of people are carrying flags and flags .
people walking down a street .
a group of people standing next to a banner .
a woman working on a loom .
a little girl is holding a bat .
two boys are jumping into a swimming pool .
a girl in a blue shirt is holding a bat .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a boy is pouring water on a baby .
a man working on a roof .
a man is taking a picture .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man drives a gas truck .
a man driving a truck .
a car is smiling .
a boy shaving his beard .
a man in a plaid shirt is shaving a gun .
a father watches his son .
a father and his son are having a good time .
a father watches his son .
three women walking down the street .
three women are smiling .
there is a picture of a building .
people standing in a city .
three people walking on a sidewalk .
three women are walking down the street .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
three girls are walking down the sidewalk .
runners running in a marathon .
a man is playing a keyboard while listening to music .
construction workers are talking .
a man is cutting a tree .
a little girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a little girl in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a sweater holding her hands .
a little girl wearing a sweater .
a little girl is sitting with her hands in her hands .
two workers having a conversation .
a man shaving his face .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting on a table .
people drinking beer .
a child walking in the street .
a woman buying vegetables at a market .
a woman buying vegetables at a market .
three people are relaxing .
a man at a market .
two men in suits are riding a motorcycle .
a man is standing in the street .
a man walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man is walking through the train station .
a man is walking down the street .
two children are sitting at a table .
a group of young adults are dancing .
a woman is working on a table .
a man is holding a pole .
a woman is running with a dog .
a dog runs through a course .
a man and a woman are working together .
a woman playing with a dog .
a black and white dog is running .
a bartender pouring something into a container .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a man is reading a newspaper .
two men playing soccer .
women walking down a street .
a child playing with a toy .
two soccer players are fighting for the ball .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two women walk along side side of a street .
two women wearing sunglasses are sitting at a table .
two women walking down the street .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a group of girls playing volleyball .
two girls doing a jump .
two girls wearing dresses .
girls dancing .
girls dancing .
women dancing in the street .
a group of people wearing colorful clothing .
women dancing in the street .
girls are sitting at a table .
a woman and a child are skiing .
a man is climbing a tree .
people walking down a street .
people walking down a street .
a woman sitting on a bench with a child .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is playing basketball .
a man playing basketball .
a basketball player is running .
a man is watching a football game .
two men are working at a table .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is sitting on a hill .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
three people are standing next to some balloons .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a woman is smiling .
a woman wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a young woman poses in a wooded area .
a young woman is smiling and smiling .
a man pulling a large fish .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking at a screen screen .
a man in a suit and tie is talking .
a man is standing next to a dog .
a man is riding a horse .
two people are standing near a body of water .
a girl in a tank top brushing her teeth .
a group of police officers .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to kick a basketball against the net .
a man on a bicycle .
police officers at a protest .
a dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
a person in a swimming pool .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man sleeping on a subway bench .
a group of men standing around a table .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a man is climbing a rock .
a group of people sitting on a rock .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young man wearing a blue shirt .
a man and a woman are taking pictures .
a group of people walking down the street .
two women are looking at bicycles .
two people are standing next to a group of bicycles .
two women looking at bicycles .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman in a coat is walking on the street .
people walking down the street .
people sitting in a field .
a group of people crossing the road .
a man on stage in front of a crowd .
a group of people standing outside .
two men playing football .
a young man is sitting on a rock .
football players playing football .
a group of hikers are walking through the woods .
people hiking across a hill with mountains in the background .
people are hiking through the snow .
a group of people on a hike .
people are walking on a path .
people walking down a street .
a football player in white and white uniform is running .
a man sits behind a cart full of vegetables .
a young man with a red bandanna on his face .
a man and woman skating in the snow .
a child is playing with a toy .
a construction worker wearing a vest .
a woman chasing a horse .
a woman taking a picture of a horse .
a woman taking a picture of a dog .
a woman in a vest and hat is taking a picture .
a woman standing next to a horse .
a woman taking a picture of a horse .
a man is walking down the street .
a city street in a city .
a woman taking pictures .
a man is standing outside .
two blond girls are laughing .
a child stands against a pole .
a person in the water .
a man is standing in a boat .
a boat in the water .
a man is kayaking in a boat .
a kayaker on a wave .
a woman stands in a boat .
a group of people riding bikes in the city .
a woman on a boat .
a young man in a suit is walking in front of a brick wall .
a girl walking on a boat .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
two girls are sitting on chairs next to a flower stand .
two women are sitting in chairs reading books .
two women are reading a book .
people are reading a book .
two people sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a circle .
a man rides a bicycle .
a man biking down the street .
a bicyclist on a street .
a bicyclist is crossing the street .
two police officers outside .
two police officers on horses .
two police officers on horses .
two children are playing outside .
a group of children are jumping .
people walking down the street .
two police officers .
two people are sitting on horses .
two police officers are sitting on horses on horses .
two police officers on horses .
two police officers on horses in the city .
a group of children playing outside .
a man in a red and white outfit .
two people sitting on a train .
a child rides a train .
two people walking down the street .
two people riding on a train .
two people are sitting on a train .
people sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bus .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman selling goods .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing guitar .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a man speaking at a podium .
a child playing in the ocean .
a group of people in a crowd .
a woman is cooking .
a lady is eating a snack .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
two women holding bags .
a boy wearing a hat .
a young boy is sitting in the dirt .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a child is sitting next to a grill .
men playing volleyball on the beach .
a man washing dishes .
two people in a kitchen .
two people in a kitchen .
two people are washing dishes .
a group of asian women are walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a truck .
a person looking out the window .
a man is working on a truck .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people walking down the street .
a person is riding a horse in the woods .
people are looking at the water .
a group of jockeys racing around a track .
people are watching a soccer game .
a person is riding a horse .
two men are talking outside .
a worker working on a machine .
two women are walking past a window of a building .
two men are conversing .
two older men are talking to each other .
a man talking to his friend .
a man walking down the street .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
a child is playing in the snow .
boy shoveling snow .
a young boy wearing a coat .
a young boy is playing on the beach .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people walking down a busy street .
a man pushing a tray of bread .
a man working on a roof .
a group of people on a cliff .
people are walking in the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
construction workers working on a building .
construction workers are working on a construction zone .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a guy is putting on a piece of paper .
a man in a red sweater is sitting on a chair .
a man is sitting on a stool .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man sitting on a bench .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
construction workers in orange vests and hard hats .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a goalie playing a game .
a man is standing in the grass .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a man in a brown shirt is looking at something .
a man in a brown shirt is bending over .
a man is standing in the grass .
a young boy stands in front of a group of people .
a man and a woman painting a wall .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is looking at something .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
a group of people in a country .
tourists on a boat .
people riding camels in the ocean .
tourists on a boat .
people are on a boat .
a group of people taking a break .
people are paddling on a muddy river .
a group of people are walking down a river .
people are riding a canoe down a river .
a group of people are looking at something .
the brown and white dog is running .
a group of children are playing outside .
two men sleeping on a bench .
a man with a dog on his head .
two men fighting a fire .
a man rides a skateboard .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
a child stands next to a shoe store .
a man is standing next to a door .
a boy is standing on a swing .
a young boy standing next to a bicycle .
a little boy in a blue shirt is waiting for something .
children are sitting in front of a gas station .
kids playing soccer .
two children ride a toy car .
two children at a gas station .
two young children are playing outside .
a group of people riding a vehicle .
children are playing with toys .
two children are standing next to a firetruck .
children ride in a red car .
two workers pulling a sled through the snow .
the snow is covered in snow .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a gray shirt is pushing a suitcase with a suitcase and a suitcase .
a man stands in front of a store .
a street performer stands outside a store .
a man is holding a plate .
a man is walking down the street .
a man holding a fish .
a person is holding a plate .
a brown and white dog is standing on a beach with a ball in its mouth .
a man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man on a mountain climbing a mountain .
a man climbing a mountain .
two hockey players fighting .
a man rock climbing .
a man wearing a hat is laying down on the sidewalk .
a person is lying on the pavement .
a man is lying down taking pictures .
a man is lying on the pavement next to a body of water .
a man in a blue hat and a hat is taking a picture on the ground .
a man taking pictures .
an old man is sleeping in a chair .
a man taking a picture .
people posing for the water .
a person getting ready to take a picture .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a band plays music .
a man in a suit is playing a guitar .
a band is playing music .
a young man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt .
a band is listening to music .
a construction worker drilling a piece of wood .
a race car drives on a racetrack .
a red car drives down the road .
a car drives down a racetrack .
a car drives through a car .
a man in a kitchen is looking at something in his kitchen .
a man in a kitchen is cooking .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a person is looking at a pile of bread .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
two men working on a roof .
men working on scaffolding .
two men working on a roof .
two men in yellow coats are working on a roof .
two construction workers work outside .
two men working on a roof .
a man and a woman are in the air in the air .
two men working on the roof of a house .
two men are walking down the street .
two men wearing hard hats are working on a roof .
two men working on a roof .
a group of people are sitting outside .
two men working on a roof .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men wearing blue shirts and shorts .
a man cooking food .
a guy is standing on a rock .
a baby is crying .
two boys are playing soccer .
a small child carries a small child .
people are walking down the street .
a man is playing tennis .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people playing music .
a group of people are singing and playing instruments .
a man is working on a fire .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a tree .
a person riding a horse .
a woman in a red shirt looking over a counter .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man is playing a keyboard .
two people are laying in a field .
a group of people at a party .
two people kissing each other .
a man sitting on a chair .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in front of a computer .
a man is looking at something .
a man is sitting in front of a computer monitor .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a young girl is sleeping next to a pile of leaves .
a girl is standing behind two ducks .
a blond girl is standing behind two ducks .
a man is standing in a large cave .
a little girl is looking at the water .
a girl is walking towards the water .
a woman is standing in the snow .
a baby sleeping .
people shopping at a market .
a man carries a bag .
a dog playing with a ball .
people playing instruments .
a man carrying a bag on his head is carrying a bag .
a young girl is eating at a table .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in a crowd .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a young girl is eating .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a crowded street .
a woman balancing on a metal structure .
a person holding a camera .
people hiking on a trail .
a man stands in front of a mountain .
two men playing frisbee .
a man holding a camera .
a man holding a camera .
a man is fixing his shoes .
a hiker poses for a picture .
a man tying his shoe .
a man tying his shoe .
a man getting his shoe done .
a man performing a concert .
a woman sitting at a table .
a band plays for an audience .
three men performing on stage .
a group of men on stage .
two men perform on stage .
three men performing on stage .
three men are performing a concert .
a man is singing into a microphone .
people are watching a performance .
a goalie playing soccer .
a girl is jumping into the water .
a woman jumping into the water .
three women are swimming in the water .
two people are walking down the street .
two women swimming in a swimming pool .
a man pushing a cart down the sidewalk .
an old man pushes a cart in front of a shoe store .
an asian man is playing an instrument .
an old man walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing the violin .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table talking to each other .
a group of hikers are taking pictures .
people in the woods .
three people hiking on a trail .
a group of hikers standing near a wooden structure .
a man holding a cellphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
the brown dog is running in the grass .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy playing in a pool .
children swimming .
two children are swimming in a pool .
people standing on a platform .
a group of people are looking at motorcycles .
people waiting to cross the street .
a group of people standing on a platform .
a female athlete is jumping off a track .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people standing in front of steps .
a man is training his dog .
a man and a dog are walking together .
a person running after a dog .
a man holding a dog .
a man is working with his dog .
two dogs running .
a woman playing the violin .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a musician playing the drums .
two women talking to each other .
two women are playing outside .
a man walking down a road .
people watching a fence .
two dogs racing on a track .
a man is cooking outdoors .
a man with brown hair is cutting his cellphone .
two people are standing by a fence .
a boy hitting a ball .
a brown dog is sitting on the ground .
a black and white dog is walking between a woman .
a person is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt and a brown dog .
a baseball player hitting a baseball on a pole .
a young boy playing baseball .
children playing in the water .
three children play in a fountain near a fountain .
two dogs play in the grass .
two men are looking through a fence .
children playing soccer .
a snowboarder doing a jump in the snow .
a man is tying his shoe .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman holding a young girl .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man is standing in front of a door .
a man is getting ready to go .
a man and a woman are eating food .
three people walking down a street .
three people walking down the street .
three people walking .
three people walking down the street .
three people walking down a street .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
people standing outside .
a man and woman are looking at something .
a woman and a woman are standing next to a table .
a man and woman stand in front of a crowd of people .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a man and woman are smiling .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of women are laughing and laughing .
a woman is standing next to another woman .
a person is riding a bike with his bike .
people crossing the street in the rain .
two women are laughing and laughing .
a snowy mountain with mountains in the background .
two people are swimming in a pool .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a woman at a restaurant .
two young men are dancing .
two people are standing in the water .
a man and a woman in a swimming pool .
a man in a white shirt is picking something .
a man is laying down on his cellphone .
a young girl is taking a picture .
a street vendor is sitting on the street .
two women hugging each other .
two women hugging each other .
two women are at a graduation class .
a rollerblader grinding a rail .
people playing instruments .
three dogs play in the grass .
three dogs run by a house .
two dogs play in the snow .
a construction worker wearing a yellow vest and vest .
two dogs run after a frisbee .
three dogs running .
three dogs are playing in the snow .
two dogs running .
an older man with a beard is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue plaid shirt .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a megaphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is speaking into a megaphone .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is speaking into a megaphone .
people at a party .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player in uniform is about to block the ball .
a woman playing with a ball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man drives a truck .
a man driving a firetruck .
a man is sitting on the road .
a man driving a truck .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man is smiling .
a man is driving a truck on the street .
a man driving a bicycle .
a man in red driving a car .
a man is driving a car .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man wearing a coat .
a man is driving a truck .
an older man driving a firetruck .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
an old man driving a bicycle .
a man is taking a picture of a mirror .
a group of people are sitting around a table talking and drinking beer .
a person doing gymnastics .
people are talking .
a man kissing another man .
an asian woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking through the grass .
a man in a black shirt standing on a sidewalk .
a couple kissing .
a man in a suit is kissing .
a man in a gray jacket and white hat is holding a garden .
three people playing tug of war .
two men playing basketball .
a group of people playing a game .
three men and a woman are playing tug of wood on a table .
three people playing chess .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a couple enjoying the beach .
a blond woman in a sweater looks through a telescope .
two girls are hanging out of a pool .
a girl looks through a telescope while another girl watches .
two girls are playing outside .
a girl with glasses is looking at something .
a man is hugging a woman .
a couple looking at a ship .
two people are looking at a large ship .
a couple enjoying the beach .
a couple looking at the ocean .
a couple watching a ship on the shore .
a girl in a field in a field .
a girl is looking through a telescope .
a girl is looking at something .
a girl is looking through a telescope .
a girl looking up at a telescope .
a woman drawing on the sidewalk with chalk .
a woman drawing with chalk .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman drawing a portrait .
a woman in a pink shirt is drawing a portrait .
a woman carrying a piece of art .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman standing next to a stone wall .
a woman standing next to a drawing .
a woman looking at the sidewalk .
a woman standing next to a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .
a man talking to two police officers .
a man is speaking to security officers .
a man wearing a green shirt and black pants .
a man talks to a security officer .
a group of men standing near a wall .
a group of men talking to a man .
three people are having a conversation .
a person is looking at the water .
a tennis player holding a racket .
a girl wearing a green headband .
a guy doing a skateboard trick .
a woman and a woman are walking down the street .
a boy skateboarding .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man stands in front of a white wall .
two girls are playing outside .
a girl wearing a pink and pink dress .
the boy in the blue shirt is standing on the ground .
a man in a black coat is pulling something in the snow .
a man climbing a rope with a rope .
two people are standing in front of a rock .
two people rock climbing .
two people are walking down the street .
a woman playing chess .
a man singing into a microphone .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two dogs play in the water .
a man giving a speech .
a woman posing for a picture .
three people are playing in a yard .
two women playing lacrosse on a grassy field .
a teacher is listening to a teacher .
a group of people are working .
a group of people are jogging .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is operating a machine .
a man with a beard and a man in a blue shirt .
a man working on a machine .
two men doing a trick .
a man in a gym .
a man is getting ready to throw a basket .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a group of children wearing blue shirts .
a person walking down the street .
two girls smiling .
a group of children are playing together .
four children are playing tug of wood .
kids playing in a park .
four children are laughing .
a group of kids playing in a gym .
four children are laughing .
a group of children are having a pillow fight .
a group of children are laughing .
a little girl wearing a white coat and a white coat .
a person snowboarding .
a man and woman are smiling .
a black and white dog jumping .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two people are standing near a body of water .
a man is climbing up a lake .
a skier doing a jump .
three men are standing in front of a lake .
a man is spraying water into the water .
a man is pouring water from a boat .
a toddler is eating .
a skier skiing down a hill .
a woman is eating a meal .
a young child smiles at a spoon .
a toddler is smiling .
a man is giving a presentation .
a man sweeping a sidewalk .
the sun sets in the city .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man pouring a drink .
a band is performing on stage .
a group of people are dancing .
a man on stage with a guitar on stage .
a woman is walking a dog .
a woman is leading a dog .
a black and white dog is running through a course .
a dog runs through an obstacle course .
two men looking at each other .
a man is doing a trick in the air .
a group of people at the beach .
three men are walking down a city street in front of a store .
a group of men are standing in a field .
a group of people are standing together .
three men are walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people are playing music .
a group of people are walking by a restaurant .
women walking down a city street .
women playing volleyball .
a person is holding two dogs .
a group of people are surfing on the beach at the beach .
a group of people are jumping for a picture .
people are walking along a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people relaxing on the beach .
a group of people relaxing on the beach .
people hanging out in the sand .
two dogs walking outside .
two dogs running through a yard with a forest in the distance .
a group of people wearing coats .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
two women are sitting on a ski lift .
a young man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman in a black dress is posing for a picture .
a band is playing music .
people are performing .
a band plays in front of a brick wall .
a band performs on stage .
a woman reading a book .
a man pulling a cart .
a woman is riding a subway .
a small child in a yellow shirt is using a large snowball .
a child is holding onto a piece of paper .
a person is holding something .
a woman is sitting on a rug .
a brown and white dog is lying next to a body of water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a little girl is posing for a picture .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a brown haired girl is running .
a little girl dancing .
a child is standing next to a body of water .
a group of people in a classroom .
a dog is standing in the snow .
four people working in a lab .
three people are sitting at a table .
a group of people working on computers .
a dog in the snow .
two people are working on computers .
a dog plays in the grass .
an elderly woman in a crowd .
a woman wearing a beret .
an elderly woman standing in a shop .
a woman is knitting a candle .
a woman is using a candle .
a small child is jumping in the air .
a young boy in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a child jumping .
a child is jumping .
people walking down the street .
an elderly woman looking at a young boy .
a child is watching a child .
a woman in a blue jacket is smiling .
a man is fishing into a fishing net .
a man is making something .
a man with a backpack is walking over his shoulder .
a man pushing a bicycle .
a man in an orange shirt carries a bag .
a brown and white dog is jumping in the air .
a man is standing on rocks .
a group of people are standing outside .
a person in a blue shirt is looking down .
a little girl waits for the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting something .
people at an airport .
two boys in front of a statue .
a man in a white hat stands in a crowded area .
two dogs walking in the snow .
a group of people drinking beer .
two men playing instruments .
two dogs running in the grass .
a man is working on the back of a car .
a woman is playing the violin .
two people are riding a bicycle .
a man wearing shorts and a blue shirt is jumping .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
two young girls are standing on a stage .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a rock climber wearing a purple dress .
a young girl is holding a toy .
a girl in a purple dress is climbing a wall .
a woman wearing a coat .
a man is fixing his bike .
a man and woman are dancing .
a couple dancing .
a woman standing next to a post in a green coat .
a couple dancing .
a man and woman dancing .
people listening to music at a concert .
a man and a woman dancing at a concert .
a couple dancing .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
two men working on a bike .
a blond woman holds a bird in her hand .
a man in a uniform standing on a field .
two women working at a table .
two boys in uniforms are standing on a balcony .
a band performs in a bar .
a band is playing music .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man is playing the drums .
a band plays on stage .
a child is sliding down a hill .
a boy in a baseball uniform .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
men working at a construction site .
a woman in a car .
a man is looking at a glass glass .
construction workers are working in the rain .
a person walking .
a construction worker is looking at a machine .
a woman wearing a black outfit .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
a black and white dog with a white collar .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is playing with a brown and white dog .
three dogs are wearing white and white .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a blond woman sings into a microphone .
a kid on a skateboard .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys are playing soccer .
a man is standing in front of a door with his hands in his hands .
a man is opening a door .
a man in a blue shirt is driving his bike .
two young girls playing outside .
an older man is sitting in front of graffiti .
a girl climbing rope .
a kid playing baseball .
a group of people taking pictures .
a skier in a pink jacket is skiing .
a child climbing a rock .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man giving a presentation .
a man in jeans is giving a presentation .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man stands in front of a screen .
a little girl wearing a pink jacket .
a man rides a skateboard .
children playing outside .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick .
a group of people standing together .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a girl in a pink shirt .
a man standing in front of several papers .
a skateboarder grinds down a ramp .
a person is climbing a wooden wall in the snow .
a person riding a bike down the stairs .
a boy skateboarding .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is in front of a mirror .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a man is standing next to a statue .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a girl playing guitar .
a man riding a bike .
a musician playing a guitar .
a young girl is reading a book .
a woman playing a guitar .
three children are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a green jacket smiles .
a person is standing next to water .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a group of skiers are skiing .
a man on a jet ski in the water with a parachute in the water .
a baby holding a flag .
a baby holding a baby .
a little boy is waving a flag .
three girls are sitting on the lawn .
a girl is writing .
a baby holding a flag .
a group of men are standing near a bridge .
a man jumping in the air .
a man looking at a painting in a museum .
a person stands at a museum .
a man in a suit is taking a painting .
a man looking at art .
people sitting on a bench .
four people sitting on a blue couch .
a baby is holding a baby .
a woman holding a baby .
a baby and a baby are sitting at a table .
a young boy is opening presents .
a group of children are celebrating .
a child is showing off a toy .
a child plays with his toy .
a little boy shows his birthday cake with his friends .
a child is playing with a toy hose .
a child plays with a toy .
a dog on a couch .
a child is playing with his toy .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a white dog jumps over a green toy .
a group of young adults playing a board game in a grassy field .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking in the snow .
a skier skiing through the snow .
a skier slides down a snowy hill .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a brown dog is biting a brown dog next to a body of water .
a group of men are doing martial arts .
a man and a woman are fighting .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of people in a competition .
a black dog is looking at a brown dog .
a group of students are practicing martial arts .
a person wearing a hat .
a woman hiking through snow .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a man wearing a kilt .
three men are rowing a boat in a boat .
a group of young children are swimming in a swimming pool .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two dogs playing tug of war .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
two dogs laying on the floor .
two men working on a roof .
a child is eating .
two women hugging each other .
two people hugging each other .
a gymnast wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
a female gymnast is wearing a red leotard .
a woman in a pink leotard is dancing .
a group of children are playing in a park park .
kids playing with a soccer ball .
three children are playing in front of a flag .
children playing in a field .
a group of people are sitting in front of a building with chalk .
a group of people are standing in front of a house .
a group of people sitting outside .
a couple walking .
a girl is shopping in a store .
a tennis player gets ready to hit the ball .
a girl is standing in front of a store .
two people climbing a rock .
two children climbing in a car .
a group of people are gathered in a field .
a group of people are standing on a street .
a dog plays in the snow .
a group of construction workers are standing on the street .
a group of boys are standing around .
a group of boys are standing outside .
a group of young men are skateboarding .
a group of guys doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of men are skateboarding down a street .
a group of people riding bikes .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are in a circle .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people standing in a circle .
a group of people standing in a circle .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of men are marching .
men standing in a circle .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a man climbing a sand dune .
a person riding a dirt bike through the dirt .
a motorcyclist is racing on a dirt track .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a woman in a swimming pool .
a woman in scuba gear stands in a swimming pool .
a woman scuba diving .
a man is operating a tractor .
a woman in scuba gear is swimming underwater .
two children are riding a bike .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a girl rides a scooter on a scooter .
a girl is riding a bike .
a young girl is running on the street .
a girl rides a unicycle down a busy street on a busy street .
a person riding a bike .
a girl balancing on a unicycle .
two girls are riding on a scooter and one is riding a scooter .
a group of people riding bikes .
two girls are riding on a bike .
two girls ride a bike .
two children are riding on a unicycle .
a woman is taking a picture .
football players playing football .
a man getting ready to hit a ball .
a motorcyclist is riding a motorcycle .
a motocross rider on a racetrack .
a person leans against a bicycle .
a person on a bmx bike .
a motorcycle rider leans into the air .
a motorcyclist rides on a racetrack .
a young child in a green shirt is looking through a fence .
a young boy is standing outside .
a motorcycle racer making a turn .
a toddler is playing in the grass .
a boat in the water .
several people are rowing a boat .
people are rowing a boat .
a little boy runs down the street .
a boy runs on the sidewalk .
a little boy wearing a blue shirt .
a little boy is walking on a wooden deck .
two women are dancing in a band .
two men are playing golf in the water .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people playing soccer .
men playing golf on the beach .
a group of men are standing near a lake .
three men are playing golf .
three men playing golf on a golf field .
three men are walking down the street .
a man is watching a group of people .
a man is watching a group of people .
a man is blowing bubbles .
a man is holding a bowling racket .
a man is sitting at a table with his eyes closed .
a little girl brushing her hair .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a girl is taking a picture .
a little girl is holding up a box .
a woman is standing in a field with her hands on her head with her fingers .
a child poses for a picture .
a blond girl wearing a white shirt .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a girl playing volleyball .
people playing soccer .
children are standing in the snow .
a brown and white dog is running .
a man is playing with his friends .
two children playing football .
a young boy is posing for a picture .
a young girl smiles for the camera .
a girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a little girl smiles .
a young girl in a park .
two people are standing outside .
children playing in a playground .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a little girl with a red shirt and a red sweatshirt is playing with a green toy .
a blond girl in a red outfit is playing on the grass .
a little girl is playing outside .
two people kayaking down a river .
a baby is playing in a park .
a group of people climb up a snowy hill .
a group of people talking .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
people talking .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are wearing sunglasses .
two people holding hands .
a woman walking at night .
a city street .
a girl is riding her bike .
a girl walking down a city street .
a person is standing outside at night .
a girl walking down the street .
a girl is walking down the street .
a baby plays with a cat .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
a man standing at a food stand .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a metal machine .
a street vendor selling food .
a police officer talking to a woman .
a group of people in a room .
a man is cooking food .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is holding an umbrella .
two people are walking on a street .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a chef cooks in a kitchen .
a woman posing for a picture .
a woman in a gray shirt is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is resting her arm .
a man is holding a knife .
a man in a blue shirt is working in a kitchen .
a man in a black shirt is cooking a meal .
a worker working on a stove .
a group of people in uniform .
a woman is eating food .
a group of police officers cross the street .
two police officers stop to cross the street .
police officers outside .
a man is holding a cup .
a group of people in a room .
a man is walking down the street .
a man riding a bike .
people riding bikes in front of a building .
a group of people are standing next to a building .
a man riding a bike .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a couple kissing .
people are standing outside of a building .
a group of asians are looking at merchandise .
people walking down a street .
people gathered around a table .
a dog stands on the beach .
a dog swims in the water .
a black dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a white shirt is cutting vegetables .
a man is grilling meat .
a dog swims in the water .
a man jumping on a snowy mountain .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man is jumping on a hill .
a man jumping in the air .
a woman in a blue shirt is dancing .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis on a sunny day .
a man playing volleyball .
a girl playing tennis .
a person skiing down a snowy hill .
a small white boat in the water .
two men walking down a street .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men wearing safety vests .
a smiling woman stands next to a smiling man .
two people standing next to each other .
a woman stands next to a man holding a balloon .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a man .
a woman is standing next to a man in a pink shirt .
people riding up an escalator .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman in a red outfit is playing tennis .
a woman in a white dress holding her mouth .
a woman with brown hair is standing next to a store .
a blond woman in a blue dress is holding her hands in her hands .
a woman looking at something .
a snowboarder on a mountain .
two men fighting .
three children are standing in the snow .
a child is jumping .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of children playing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is eating food .
a person holding something .
a man is eating .
a man is eating .
a man in a blue shirt eating a meal .
a man is standing next to a food stand .
a man eating food .
a man eating food .
a little girl is holding flowers .
a girl wearing jeans and a white shirt .
a little girl picking flowers .
a snowboarder flies through the air on a snowboard .
this is a white balloon .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs fighting .
two men are working on a statue .
two children are ice cream .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man is sitting in front of an art gallery .
a group of young women are standing together .
people working on a project .
a woman is eating .
a group of people are having fun .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is weaving .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a blue kayak paddles through the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
two children holding a bunch of sticks .
two boys playing video games .
men playing soccer .
two young men are giving a presentation to a young audience .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a black coat is walking down the street .
a girl is standing on a rock .
a group of people talking outside .
a man and his son hiking through the forest .
a man holding a guitar .
a man standing on a green lawn .
a child sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is playing a violin .
a young woman is giving a haircut .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
a woman getting her hair done .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman is using a mirror .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a group of people working together .
a boy and a boy are playing in the snow .
a woman in a black jacket is walking on a sidewalk .
two women walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman wearing black boots and black boots .
a woman carrying a purse walks down the street .
a woman wearing sunglasses and a white shirt .
a group of people are having a good time .
two women are walking down the street .
two women sitting on a bench .
three women are sitting on a bench .
three girls are sitting on a bench .
a dog is kissing a dog .
a man pushing a cart on the street .
the back of the truck are driving .
a group of people on the road .
a man is standing next to a truck with a wagon in the background .
a truck parked next to a truck and a truck .
three children are playing in the water .
a man is standing on the street .
two boys holding hands .
a child in a green jacket is holding a shovel with a blue bucket and blue bucket .
a group of children holding plants .
three children are holding plants .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
three children are sitting on a ledge in front of a christmas tree .
three children climbing into the water .
people sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman holding a box .
an older couple enjoying a meal .
two young men are walking with a child in the background .
a woman wearing a sweater .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man and a dog are outside .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a man carrying shopping bags .
a man is taking a nap on his bike .
a person is looking out of a window .
a little girl takes a picture of a young girl .
a young girl is playing on a swing in front of a camera .
a young girl on a playground .
a little girl playing on a playground .
a dog runs across the water with a stick .
a little girl is playing on a playground .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is walking down the street .
a young woman holding a camera .
a woman poses for the camera .
two dogs play in the snow .
a baby is in a highchair .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man selling food .
a man is pointing .
a woman is selling fruit on a street corner .
a woman is standing in front of a woman 's market .
a man is standing next to a food cart while another man is walking by .
a man is preparing food on a cart .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a food cart .
a man and a woman are having drinks at a restaurant .
a man walking across the road .
people walking in a city .
two people pose for a picture .
a man stands in front of a body of water .
a man balancing a ball .
a group of people are standing outside .
a person walking down the street .
a group of asian women are gathering .
a woman is planting plants .
a woman picking leaves outside .
a person in a field .
a woman talking to a woman .
a man working on the beach .
a band performs in a band .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
three men , one with long hair , are playing a trumpet .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of men are playing guitars .
three people are performing on stage .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a girl is dancing at a baseball field .
a young girl dances in front of a baseball field .
a girl in a yellow and yellow dress is dancing .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a young girl performs on stage .
a person is walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a young girl is blowing bubbles outside .
a little girl in a red shirt is standing at a stadium .
a little girl wearing a yellow dress .
a little girl is holding a yellow dress .
a young man is walking down the sidewalk .
a little girl in a yellow dress is dancing .
two people are on a river with a city behind them .
a dog playing with a toy .
a man hiking down a mountain .
a man is making a sand sculpture .
a man painting a wall with graffiti on it .
a woman in a bikini and shorts is jumping in the air .
people are crossing a city street .
people crossing a busy street .
a group of people crossing a busy street .
a crowd of people are walking across a street with many cars parked on the street .
people crossing a city street .
people crossing the street .
a group of people crossing a street .
people walking down the street .
people crossing a busy street .
a dog chases a dog .
construction workers are working on a building .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is looking at her cellphone while another woman watches .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog runs through the grass .
two girls are looking at each other .
a black and white dog running in the yard .
a child in a swimming pool .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person in a city street .
a young boy in a field with a shovel .
a man with a drink on her head .
a boy in a pumpkin patch .
two men are working on a project .
a group of people are having drinks .
a man in a black shirt is standing next to a microphone .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a woman working on a house .
a woman is looking up .
a young woman taking a picture .
a woman standing next to a doorway .
a man with a mustache .
a man working on a construction site .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is looking down .
a man is looking at something .
a baseball game in front of a field .
a woman is sitting next to a child in a blue jacket .
a woman is laying on a sofa with a child laying on the sofa .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a woman cleaning the floor .
a woman cleans the floor .
a group of people are cheering .
a woman cleans a house .
a woman in a blue shirt is cleaning a rug .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
people on a beach .
a group of people on the beach .
two girls walk along a rocky shore .
a man is holding two children .
two little girls are playing outside .
a parade in a parade .
two girls are holding a sign .
a band playing in a band .
a band playing the drums .
a marching band in a parade .
two people standing next to a building .
a person is on the beach .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man is making a sand sculpture .
a person wearing jeans and a white shirt .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman on a beach .
a woman is walking down the street .
two women in winter clothes walk downhill .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking in a red coat .
a person walking in the rain .
a young man licking his nose .
a girl is laughing .
a man in a black shirt with the word " free " on it .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a young boy is sitting on a bridge .
a woman is balancing a fruit on her head .
a man reading a magazine while listening to music .
a group of teenagers sit at a table .
a person riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a bmx biker rides down a dirt track .
a biker rides through a path .
a man riding a mountain bike .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a man kayaking in front of the ocean .
a black and white dog jumping .
two people talking on cellphones .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a group of people are sitting on benches in a park .
a woman sitting on a chair in a chair .
a motorcyclist drives down the street .
a group of people are looking at produce .
a man is standing in the ocean .
children eating .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a family is walking down the street .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people running on the beach .
a little girl in a green dress is playing in the sprinkler .
an asian couple posing for a picture in a restaurant .
people relaxing outside .
two children smiling .
a man in a black shirt is speaking to another man .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a guy doing a skateboard jump .
a man on a basketball court .
a skateboarder jumps .
a woman in a white dress is making a conversation .
two people are drinking coffee on a table .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man is standing on a street .
a man climbing a pole .
two girls are holding hands .
a couple dancing .
two boxers are fighting .
a group of cheerleaders on a football court .
a crowd of people watching a football game .
a crowd of people on a field .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are looking at signs .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is working on a bench .
a girl playing on a playground .
a man sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man sitting on a stool at a desk .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man in a yellow shirt is working on the floor .
a young girl climbing up a wooden structure .
a woman in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
two men are fighting .
a little girl is giving a thumbs up .
a young girl is playing outside .
a donkey pulling a cart in the snow .
a man and a young girl are standing in the desert .
a group of people on a dirt road .
a group of people are walking down a street .
several people are walking down a dirt road .
a group of people are riding a bicycle .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
two men are walking away from the camera .
two cars in the desert .
two men are standing in the sand .
two people are driving down the street .
two men are looking at each other .
two men drinking beer and drinking beer .
two men are conversing .
two men having a conversation .
a man in a white shirt is holding a camera .
a person with a hat and a hat .
two people are talking to each other .
two dogs pulling a cart .
two people are cooking .
a man is running with a ball .
four boys are playing outside .
people are looking at something .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a skier skiing through the woods .
a woman in a red shirt holding a black dog .
a woman and a baby are laughing .
a group of people are walking down a street with many people in the background .
people walking down a street .
a child is blowing bubbles .
a small child blowing bubbles with his mouth .
a child blowing bubbles .
a child plays with bubbles .
a child blowing bubbles .
two women are playing instruments .
a boat in a boat .
a person in a boat .
a boat in the river .
a man sitting on a dolphin .
a man kayaking .
a man stands in a boat .
men working on scaffolding .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer player in a white uniform is running .
a man wearing a gray shirt .
two men playing frisbee in a field .
people are working on a project .
a young boy is looking at a young child .
a man is standing in the grass .
workers look at the camera .
two firefighters are working on the ground .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running on the grass .
four dogs running in the grass .
a man in a uniform is standing outside .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a man is standing outside talking on the phone .
a man talking .
a man is playing on the beach .
a man playing tennis on a beach .
a man in a blue shirt is surfing a wave .
a man on a beach .
a man is holding a large wave at the beach .
a person riding a bike .
a woman is holding a bike .
a person walking down a busy street .
a woman pushes a bicycle .
a person in a red shirt is falling over a wave .
three people are standing in front of an audience .
a dog is chewing on a toy .
a black dog with a toy in its mouth .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog with a toy in his mouth .
a dog is playing in the grass .
two men are cutting a fish .
a man and woman in a church .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two men are fishing .
a group of people looking at something .
two men are playing basketball .
a man in a black shirt is talking on the phone while talking on the phone .
a black and white dog stands in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt and shorts is walking .
a young girl is swimming in a pool .
an african american african american african american african american woman smiling .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man with a mohawk on his face .
a bald man smiling .
a boy is holding balloons .
a man holding a child .
a young man is sitting on a patio .
three people walking down the street .
a man selling food from a container .
people are selling food .
a man is holding something in his hands .
men cooking on a street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of an elevator .
two people are sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
three teenagers are sitting on a couch .
a woman and a woman are shopping .
a boy lays on a couch .
a child is pushing a cart .
two people are standing in a city .
a person walking down the street .
two dogs pulling each other .
two dogs pulling a cart .
two dogs are pulling each other .
a small boy is pulling a horse in a carriage .
three people standing in front of a blue wall .
three people are standing near a wall .
people standing in front of graffiti .
three people standing next to a wall .
three people standing next to a wall with graffiti on it .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman wearing a backpack .
a woman walking .
a woman walking by a purple wall .
a woman walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two black dogs running in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman rides a bike past a beach .
a woman is driving a bicycle .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog with a muzzle in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
a black and white dog is racing .
two men walking down the street .
two men are sitting on the ground on the ground .
a man helping another man on a dirt bike .
a man is giving a thumbs up to another man .
two men fixing a bicycle .
two men drinking beer .
an asian woman listening to music .
a man and a woman are standing in a restaurant .
a man is holding a baby .
a couple having a conversation .
a woman in a uniform with a ponytail .
five men performing on a stage .
five people are sitting on a stage .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a crowd gathers under a tent .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a group of boys standing in front of a church .
four men are sitting on a stage .
two people are holding food .
a baby sleeping in a bed .
two men are walking down the street .
three people are working on the ground .
three people are playing in a backyard .
two dogs are talking to each other .
two men standing next to each other .
a dog laying on the ground .
old men are sitting on a bench .
a group of older men are sitting in chairs .
two men are reading books .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men are reading books .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a baby is standing next to a dog .
an elderly man and woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are eating a meal .
an army soldier holding an american flag .
a person on a motorcycle .
people walking down the street .
a group of police officers in the background .
a motorcyclist rides down the street .
a man on a bicycle stops to cross the street .
two men are playing instruments .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man playing guitar .
two men playing instruments .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are walking together .
a brown and white dog is jumping up in the grass .
a woman is making coffee .
a man is watching a group of people .
a dog is standing next to a tree .
two young boys are having fun .
a couple dancing .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man is walking down the road .
people dancing .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
two women dancing .
a man hitting a ball .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench next to a sculpture .
a woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt sitting on a bench .
a little girl is jumping on a trampoline .
a girl rides a skateboard .
a young child rides a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a girl on a skateboard .
a man is working on a fire .
a dog is laying on the grass .
a man wearing a hard hat is working on a pipe .
two men with a pipe .
two men working on a project .
three workers working on a project .
people are working on a project .
two men are welding a pipe .
two people are welding a pipe .
two men are welding metal .
a lady is standing in the sun with her umbrella .
a man in the middle of a boat in the ocean .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman standing under an umbrella .
a woman with an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
a man is standing on a rock .
a person riding a bike .
a baby and a baby are smiling .
a boy is holding a gun .
a man working on a boat .
a little girl rides a bike .
a man on a fishing net .
a woman sitting next to a fruit stand .
a brown and white dog is running in the snow .
a man on a bike .
a group of cyclists riding bikes .
a bicyclist rides on the street .
a biker rides a bike .
a biker rides a bike .
a biker rides down a dirt road .
a person riding a bike .
a person riding a bicycle on a bicycle .
two men talking to each other .
a couple sitting next to a dog .
a group of people are standing near the ocean .
a man throwing an object in a field .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
two men playing volleyball on a beach .
a person painting a picture .
a man painting a painting .
a man in a black shirt is painting a building .
a man paints a painting .
two dogs racing on a track .
two dogs run along side a grassy field .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
a black and white dog is running next to a white dog .
two dogs running on the grass .
two dogs playing in the grass .
two dogs are playing together .
men holding guns .
a group of children wait in line .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman is reading a paper .
a couple getting married .
a newly married couple posing for a picture .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of people are sitting in chairs .
a group of people talking .
a woman in a white shirt is working .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man and woman holding hands .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a football player is being tackled by a player in a blue uniform .
the sun sets at sunset .
a young boy jumps off a large wave .
people getting married .
a person is looking at the water .
a group of dogs are playing tug of war .
a man is standing on the beach .
a group of people are climbing up a flight of stairs .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are eating something .
a man standing at a restaurant .
a young boy is laughing .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting on a stone bench .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman in a red jacket is walking down the street .
a snow covered landscape .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a surfer rides a wave .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is drinking from a bar .
a man is standing at a table .
a man drinking beer .
two children are playing outside .
a man having a drink .
four children playing on a trampoline .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping off a slide at a playground .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a child is jumping .
a group of men are sitting in a circle .
a man in a green shirt is trying to cross the street .
a brown dog with a rope in its mouth .
a person riding a bike .
a street vendor walks down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike in front of a group of people .
a woman with a scarf stands on a sidewalk .
a bike rider wearing a helmet .
two people are hugging each other .
a man is watching a plane .
two dogs sleeping in the snow .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man is standing in a marketplace .
a man stands in front of trees .
a man in a red coat is looking down in the middle of a marketplace .
a man is shopping .
a dog is laying on a porch .
the brown dog is laying down on the ground .
a dog on a porch .
a white dog in front of a house .
a man stands near a body of water .
a man in front of the ocean .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man wearing a black coat .
a man playing a game .
a group of girls playing soccer .
a man is giving a speech .
the truck is parked on the side of the road .
a man driving a john deere vehicle .
a man driving a truck .
a man drives a truck .
soldiers in front of an audience .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are talking .
a man is working on a truck .
a street car is driving down a road .
a man driving a vehicle .
a band performs on a stage in front of a crowd of people .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog chases a ball .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog chases a ball in a field .
a dog chases a ball .
a brown and white dog runs through the grass .
a dog in a field .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a construction worker is standing in the water .
a man is scuba in the water .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a man is paddling through water .
a girl is holding a shopping bag .
a child is playing with computers .
a child is standing next to a woman in a blue shirt .
a person is petting a dog .
a party party .
a young girl is petting a cat .
at a store .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people at a convention .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a heavy object through the street .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to fix a vehicle .
three women talking to each other .
a woman with long hair .
a group of people taking a break .
three young ladies walking down the street .
men are preparing fish in a kitchen .
two men racing on a track .
a man cutting a piece of wood .
a group of people are running .
three teenagers are playing outside .
a man and a dog in the yard .
a group of people in a room .
a woman standing at a subway stop .
a man giving a speech .
two children are playing soccer in the grass .
two children playing cricket outside .
a group of children running around a course .
two children are playing soccer in a field .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of men are standing in front of a soccer game .
people on a field .
a football team is standing on a field .
a group of men standing in front of a group of people .
a football player in a white uniform is throwing a ball .
a man with a camera and a camera is holding a camera .
an asian man is handing a camera .
a man in a blue shirt is making a drink .
an asian man is posing for a picture while standing on a street .
a man is taking a picture of a car while another man looks on .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys play in a field .
two boys playing outside .
people are walking down a street .
two children playing in the grass .
two boys play in the grass .
a person poses for a picture .
a woman and a girl playing with their dogs .
a man stands in front of a golden gate .
a man getting his shoes shined .
a man is trying to catch a frisbee while a man in a blue shirt is watching him in the background .
a group of construction workers are standing in a construction site .
a white dog runs along the beach .
a man stands in front of a mountain .
a man walking down the street .
a person is walking along the beach .
an orchestra is listening to music .
a man is playing piano .
a man walking down the street .
three girls are standing on the beach .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man performing on stage .
a runner is running .
people walking down the street .
a girl is drinking coffee .
a group of women walking down a street .
a woman points at the camera .
a group of young students are sitting in the middle of a forest .
a man sitting on a bench .
a child in a red shirt juggling juggling .
two men in front of a fire .
a woman standing on a platform waiting for the train .
a man and woman are standing together .
a man looking at something .
a band is playing a video game .
a group of people are playing volleyball in the sand .
a group of people are riding horses .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a young man jumps over a metal rail .
a man in a blue shirt at work .
a man in jeans and a white shirt is holding something .
an older man is standing on a concrete block .
a man is holding something .
a man is working on concrete .
two girls are riding horses .
two horses in a rodeo .
two children playing soccer on a soccer field .
a person is holding an umbrella .
two little girls are running by a woman .
a woman is laying in the shade of a tree .
two young boys sleeping on a bench in a park .
three children are standing outside .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
a boy in a blue shirt is laughing .
soccer players are in a field .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball .
jockeys racing on a racetrack .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is sweeping a sidewalk .
an older man in a train station .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man sitting on a bench .
people standing in front of graffiti painted wall .
people posing for a picture .
four people standing in front of a stone wall .
four people posing for a picture .
a couple performing on the street .
a man and a woman are smiling and laughing .
a group of people walking through an alley .
a group of people are walking down a street .
people walking down an alley .
a group of people eating food .
a group of people are eating outside .
people are eating .
a woman riding a bike .
a group of people are gathered together .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman in a blue jacket is riding a bike .
people walking down a street .
a man is standing on rocks while standing on rocks .
a man plays with a boy .
a boy hangs upside down .
a man is holding a boy .
a man is hanging upside down on the water .
a street vendor selling food .
a person is walking down the street .
a man selling food .
a person is walking down the street .
a person is walking through the street .
a person is walking down a busy street .
a group of people walking past a food cart .
people walking in the city .
a street vendor is pushing a cart .
people walking down the street .
several people are walking down the street .
a street vendor selling fruit .
a dog is standing on a busy street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two boys posing for a picture .
three people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
three people posing for a picture .
people are standing in an alley .
people standing outside .
a family on a grassy field .
a man is looking at wood .
a man is welding a piece of wood .
a man working on a project .
a man working with wood .
a woman at a ceremony .
a woman in a red dress stands in front of a crowd .
a woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a woman with brown hair and black hair and a red scarf .
a woman is standing next to a man .
a person riding a bicycle .
two people are sitting in front of each other .
a woman stands next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a black jacket stands next to a woman in a black jacket .
a woman is looking away from the camera .
two people pose for a picture .
a woman and a man are walking down a street .
three people eating food .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is leaning against a tree .
a man in a pool .
a boy in a yellow shirt is sitting at a table .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a young boy is sleeping with his face on his head .
a young boy sleeps on a bench .
a boy sleeps at a table .
a young boy is sitting at a dinner table .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
three people are looking at something .
a child is standing in front of a house .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on ice .
a hockey goalie on the ice .
a man playing hockey .
a goalie in a blue shirt is about to kick a goal .
two people are sitting at a casino table .
a girl playing a card game .
a group of women are standing in a field .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man giving a speech .
a man in a white t shirt is standing next to a man in a white t shirt .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a room .
a man is giving a presentation .
a man is sitting at a podium .
people walking down the street .
a person holding a camera .
a woman is eating a sandwich .
a woman holding a knife .
a group of people are eating food .
a woman is eating a sandwich .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a room .
a man is mixing something .
an older man is cleaning ice cream .
a little girl is kicking a soccer ball while other children are cheering .
a doctor showing his patient .
a woman in a hospital gown .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue hat is looking at a woman .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is cutting a cake .
a woman is fixing a patient .
a doctor is presenting a patient .
a doctor performing a surgery .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is waiting outside a building .
a man is holding up a sign .
a man holding up a sign .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
three construction workers are working on a road .
three people are working together .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
three construction workers are cleaning up .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of men in orange coats .
three men are standing outside .
three men are standing outside .
two men are working on a project .
three men are standing outside .
two people are talking in a wooded area .
two people are standing outside .
two people are standing outside .
two people are talking outside .
two people are standing outside .
a man with glasses is sitting at a table .
a person riding a bike .
two people dancing .
a person riding a bike .
a couple dancing in the middle of a field .
a person on a bmx bike .
a child rides a bike through a wooded area .
a man is dancing .
two girls are smiling .
two men are sitting in chairs .
a woman and a man are laughing .
a soccer player wearing a white jersey is running .
a man painting .
a woman taking pictures of birds .
kids playing soccer .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
two people are having a conversation .
a woman wearing a red jacket .
a child kisses his daughter .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a child is looking at an adult .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two young boys hold up a sign .
a group of people holding a sign .
a doctor is trying to fix a patient .
a man and woman holding a sign .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man and woman holding a sign .
a group of children are standing in front of two children holding signs .
two people are standing in front of a sign .
two couples are protesting outside .
two adults holding a sign .
two children are in a classroom .
two people holding a sign .
two people holding a sign .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man is flying a kite .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a young boy is brushing his teeth in his bed .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a girl looking at a horse .
two dogs play in the snow .
a child is looking at a fence in front of a fence .
a girl is riding a horse .
people at an art exhibit .
a group of children are hanging out of a fence .
a group of people are looking at a piece of art .
a group of people are talking .
three people are looking at something .
a group of people looking at a poster .
a woman wearing a pink skirt .
a man is sitting at a cafe .
a man waits for a train .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is looking at something in his left hand .
a man working on a ladder on a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning windows from a ladder .
a person in a hat is sleeping .
a man is standing on a ladder .
a man cleaning windows .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a little boy is standing in a wooded area .
a boy is holding a bird in front of a forest .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a black and white dog playing with a soccer ball .
a dog playing with a soccer ball .
a dog plays with a ball in the yard .
a dog playing with a ball .
a man is making a broom .
a woman in a black coat stands on a sidewalk .
a woman is ice cream .
a woman in a white shirt is painting a cow .
a person walking down the street .
a woman stands next to a painting .
a man climbing up stairs .
a man in a blue shirt doing tricks .
a group of people riding bikes .
a firefighter is holding a gun .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a crowd gathers on the street .
people are listening to music .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man surfing a wave in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man with his face painted .
a man is kneeling in a garage .
an older man is working on something .
a man surfing a wave .
a man working on his knees .
three people are standing next to each other .
a man is standing next to two women .
two women are standing next to each other .
a man standing next to two women .
a man standing next to two women .
people are standing outside .
a woman wearing a black dress is walking by a woman in a black jacket .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman holding a large purse .
a woman walking past a gate .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman holding a bag .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a train in a train station .
a man is giving a speech .
a family enjoys an amusement park .
people are walking down a street .
two guys playing in a field .
four men playing basketball .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on the side of a street .
the train is busy .
people are sitting on a train .
a building in front of a building .
a boy standing in front of a store .
a man standing in front of a podium .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a child in a blue shirt reading a book .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is welding in the air .
a man working on a machine .
a man is making a funny face .
a man is using a piece of metal .
a man using a hammer .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man working on a machine .
a brown and white dog is biting its mouth .
two dogs are facing each other .
a brown and white dog in a field .
the giraffe has its mouth open .
a closeup of the giraffe 's face .
a worker in a gym .
a man working on a machine .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a hard hat is welding something .
a man is welding .
a man in a blue shirt using a hammer .
a boy in a red shirt and a man in a red shirt .
a child is watching a child .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a small child is sitting at a table .
a man is sitting at a table .
a group of people are standing around a pile of papers .
a construction worker wearing a hard hat .
a group of firefighters on a boat .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a bench .
construction workers are working on a project .
a child is playing in the snow .
a little boy wearing a jacket is standing in the snow .
a child laying in a pile of leaves .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man in a white shirt is bending over .
a man is holding a rope in his hand .
a man gives a presentation .
a man is waiting for a bus .
a man is looking at a telescope .
a woman at a museum .
a group of people are gathered on a lawn .
a man is giving a presentation .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a person wearing a jacket .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the guitar .
a man surfing in the ocean .
a surfer rides a large wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer is riding a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
two people are wearing hats .
several people are working on a farm .
two dogs are cleaning leaves .
a large pile of plants .
two workers wearing coats .
a group of people are standing outside .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man with a shoulder bag walks next to a man with a cane .
people waiting for a train .
a white dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the ocean .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a dog jumps into the water .
a barber is giving a speech .
three men posing for a picture .
a dog takes a walk with his german shepherd .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are kneeling down .
a man serving a cake .
people are sitting around a birthday cake .
two girls sitting on a bench .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a man is wearing a helmet .
a man cutting a birthday cake .
two girls in the middle of the road .
people are playing instruments .
musicians playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man is playing golf .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
kids playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
children are playing soccer on a soccer field .
two boys in red and yellow play soccer .
a girl in a blue shirt is holding a toy .
a woman in a yellow dress is standing next to a large pile of leaves .
a child in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a group of people are standing together .
a girl in a pink dress stands in front of an orange pot with a crowd in the background .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a girl in a yellow dress stands in front of an orange garden .
a young woman poses for the camera .
a man working with artwork .
a girl is holding a cat .
a woman pushing a cart down the street .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a woman and a child are at an airport .
two friends take a picture of another man .
a person is walking down the street .
a man taking a picture of his friend .
a person doing a flip in the air .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is waving .
a young boy in an airport .
a man is doing a back flip .
two boys ride a bike .
a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man rides a bike while others watch .
a man on a bmx bike .
people walking in snow .
a girl standing in the rain .
a woman with her head up .
a girl walking down the street .
a little girl wearing a jacket .
a child is standing up .
a little girl holding a doll .
a man climbing a truck .
two men are riding a boat .
people are sleeping outside .
a man is looking at a piece of paper .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two men are sleeping outside at night .
two people are sleeping on the floor .
a woman standing outside .
people practicing martial arts .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a person is suspended in midair .
a bike rider rides a bike .
people at a wedding .
a man riding a bicycle .
a bride and groom are dancing .
two men are sitting on a rug .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a woman sits under a painting .
a woman sits in a museum .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man stands in front of a sign .
a woman stands in front of a sign .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men playing instruments .
a bird has its wings .
a man in a gray shirt is skateboarding with a cat on his head .
a skier flies through the air in the air .
a dog carries a piece of paper .
a little girl is spinning her luggage .
a group of people standing near a car .
a young girl is riding a bike .
a woman wearing a yellow and yellow dress .
a group of people are gathered at a station .
people walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is reading .
a man and a woman are watching a group of people .
a woman is holding a woman 's hand as she walks away from the camera .
a man and a woman are in a park .
a person is jumping in the forest .
a woman is taking a picture .
the sun sets in the wind .
a man and woman stand together .
a couple posing for a picture .
people walking up stairs .
two couples are walking past a building .
people standing in front of a building .
a man and woman taking a picture .
a couple taking a picture .
people walking through a market .
a man selling fruit .
a dog runs through the water .
a black and white dog walks through the water .
a dog in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a child in a swimming pool .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy jumps off a board .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a person is jumping off a diving board into a pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
a man and a woman are jogging down a street .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman wearing colorful clothing .
people walking on the street .
several chefs are working in a kitchen .
people walk down the street .
a car drives down the street .
a man drives a race car .
a group of people are looking at a vehicle .
the truck is driving .
two young men are cooking ice cream .
a little girl is holding up a small girl .
a group of men and women are sitting on the beach .
girl dancing while another girl watches .
people dancing in the streets .
two people dancing on a stage .
girl dancing in a crowd .
a girl in a pink leotard is dancing .
a group of people are outside .
two women dancing in the street .
two women dancing in the streets .
people enjoying the beach .
two young people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people having fun .
a group of people in india .
a man and a woman are walking in front of a crowd of people .
people are skiing in snow .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a couple taking a picture .
two people are getting married .
two people are kissing each other .
a bride and groom getting married .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a man skateboarding .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
two children playing with toys .
a dog running with a toy in its mouth .
a boy plays with a toy .
a boy is laughing .
a man working with a hammer .
a man working on a roof with a hammer .
a man working on a project .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a snowboard .
a man working on a roof .
a man is standing on the roof of a building .
a man is doing work .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a roof .
a man working at a construction site .
a man working on a machine .
a girl taking pictures .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a group of people are gathered in a circle .
people holding flags .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people playing cricket .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people at an event .
many people are gathered under a tent .
a group of people gathered under flags .
a group of young people are gathered together .
a group of people gather under tents .
a group of young people are gathered outside .
a crowd of people holding flags .
a man is laying down on a boat .
a man is sleeping on a couch .
a large crowd of people gathered around .
a man sitting on a chair next to a door .
a woman is cooking .
two boys playing baseball .
people preparing food in a kitchen .
three people are cooking .
three people are cooking in a kitchen .
three people are cooking in a kitchen .
two people are working outside .
a child rides a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a man taking a picture .
two dogs run in the grass .
a small dog is standing in a car .
a woman riding a bicycle .
a brown and white dog with a brown dog on its back .
a brown and white dog with a brown dog in its mouth .
a little boy is sitting on a car .
a brown and brown dog is playing with a toy toy .
a brown and white dog is chewing on a red toy .
a little boy is looking at a car .
a brown and white dog is on a car .
a group of children playing with toys .
two people pose for a picture .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is looking at the camera .
a girl looking at art .
a woman wearing blue jeans and a blue shirt .
a man is standing in the middle of a building .
a girl on skis .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a person skiing in the snow .
a child on skis .
a woman preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman is preparing food on a grill .
a group of people playing music on a road .
a woman wearing gloves .
a race car with two cars on the field .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a band is marching outside .
a band plays on a street .
a boy is standing on the beach .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a boy jumps in the sand .
a woman walking down the street .
an elderly man is pulling a cart .
people walking down the street .
two hockey players are playing hockey on the ice .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
two hockey players are standing on the ice .
hockey players are playing hockey .
two hockey players are fighting .
a man swings at a ball .
three dogs are looking at a toy .
two young girls playing a drum .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two children are playing a drum .
two children playing with an instrument .
two children playing in the grass .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman playing the violin .
an older man holding an award .
a woman in a blue shirt is cleaning a window .
a truck loading a truck .
a man is working on a truck .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of women standing next to each other .
two men standing in front of a building .
a woman standing next to her luggage .
a woman standing next to her luggage .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman in a purple sweater is standing with her arms crossed next to her head .
three women are standing next to each other .
two girls are playing outside .
two women walking down the street .
two women standing next to a building .
a woman standing next to a woman standing next to her .
two men are working on a bus .
two men practicing martial arts .
people are standing next to a bus .
people walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
two men in front of a bus .
two women eating a meal .
people are eating .
a woman sitting next to a body of water .
people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are laughing .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
construction workers are sitting on a bench .
two construction workers work on a bench .
a person walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
two wrestlers wrestling .
a woman in a grocery store looking at meat .
two boys wrestling in a gym .
a band plays outside .
two men wrestling .
a woman sits next to a body of water .
two men are drinking beer at a table .
a woman in a blue shirt is skiing .
a woman washing dishes .
a woman doing laundry .
two men are eating food .
a horse is running through the grass .
a brown dog jumps over a hurdle in a yellow harness .
a horse is jumping over a hurdle .
a person riding a bike .
a man sleeping on a bench .
jockeys competing in a competition .
a child holding a camera .
a child taking pictures .
a woman playing the violin .
two dogs play in the grass .
a girl playing the violin .
a woman in a black shirt is playing an instrument .
two dogs racing each other .
two dogs racing around a track .
a group of dogs are playing in a field .
a group of dogs are fighting .
three people posing for a picture .
a child in a pink dress .
a girl is standing outside at night .
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike through a park .
a bicyclist rides down the street .
a woman walking in a city .
a person walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people crossing a bridge .
a smiling man is smiling .
a man and a woman are looking at a man .
people are walking down the street .
people are standing outside of a building .
people walking down a street .
people sitting and eating food .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
people are eating .
a group of people are eating .
a group of people eating food .
people are eating lunch .
people sitting around a table .
people playing in water .
two men playing tennis on a tennis court .
people are eating food .
a group of people are sitting around a building .
people are eating food on a table .
a group of people are eating .
people are eating outside of a wall .
two men playing tennis in the middle of a city .
two men are playing tennis in a field .
two men playing tennis on a tennis court .
two men talking to each other .
two men are playing tennis on a tennis court .
a man is playing tennis .
a man hitting a tennis ball .
two men playing tennis on a tennis court .
a man getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
two men playing tennis .
a man is sewing a sewing machine .
a girl in a pink dress .
a girl standing outside .
a woman in a pink dress is walking .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a little girl in a pink dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a child stands outside .
a young girl walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting at a picnic table .
a man blowing bubbles .
two dogs running together .
a man riding a bike in a forest .
a man taking pictures of a mountain .
two dogs in a pool .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs swimming in the water .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a bridge .
a man sitting on a sofa under a bridge .
a man sits on a sofa under a bridge .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on a couch surrounded by graffiti .
a man relaxing under a wooden bridge .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a stool .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a couch .
a man is sitting on a sofa .
a man sitting on a couch .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man wearing an orange shirt and blue jeans .
a man playing tennis .
a man playing tennis .
a football game .
a group of people are celebrating .
a boy is running along the beach .
a dog is holding a leash .
a dog is walking on a path .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are dancing .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man and a dog are outside .
three people are walking down the street .
a little girl is sleeping with a book .
a boy is looking at a red parking meter .
a man is eating a sandwich .
a little boy is holding his mouth .
a man is feeding another man .
a young girl is chewing on a piece of paper .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a dog is standing on a leash .
a man is walking down the street .
a waitress in a white shirt is cutting a piece of paper .
people are walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a dog in the snow .
a man walking his dog .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man stands in front of a store with a cat on it .
family walking down the street .
a man selling fruit .
a woman sitting at a subway station .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs along the beach .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a brown dog is playing on the beach .
a man sitting on a bench on a bench .
construction workers are working .
a man climbing a ramp .
a man is standing in front of a ramp .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a man stands in front of a sign .
a dirt bike is in front of a hill .
a group of workers are working on a bicycle .
a man looking at produce .
a man is looking at food .
a man is looking at food .
a man reaches out at a market .
two women are looking at something .
two girls are leaning against a wall .
two women looking at something .
a woman is holding a shopping bag .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man holding a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is walking across a stage .
a man holding a saxophone on stage .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man holding a guitar .
a man is playing his guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing guitar on the grass .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is using a tray of food .
hockey players at a hockey game .
a hockey game is being played .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
two hockey players chase each other in the air .
a boy is walking down the street .
two men are wrestling .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
two people are talking .
two men are talking .
a man and a woman pose together .
an asian woman looking at the camera .
a group of people are sitting around a table with a pink tablecloth .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a man walking down the street .
a woman looking at candy .
two children are climbing on a pile of leaves on a sunny day .
a person rides a wave .
a man in a blue shirt is walking past a fence , while a man in a black coat walks by .
a person walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a woman holding a dog .
a person with a scarf walks down a sidewalk .
a little girl is standing next to a dog .
a woman is standing in front of a woman .
a woman and a dog are walking down the street .
a woman standing in front of a building .
a woman in jeans standing outside .
a woman and a woman are standing next to a metal structure .
a woman in jeans and a white shirt is standing in front of a large building .
two young men are working together .
a young girl is sitting in a food store .
a little girl is sitting in a cart .
a toddler in a shopping cart .
a group of people are sitting on a wooden bench .
two men on a stage .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike on a dirt road with his legs in the air .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are standing together .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
a man is fixing a bicycle while another man is helping him .
a man rides a bicycle while others watch .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a person falling into the air .
three women on a boat .
a woman wearing a jacket .
a man holding a guitar .
a person walking down the street .
a young child holding an object .
a little boy is showing off a toy .
a little boy is climbing a tree .
a young boy is playing with a shovel .
a boy is standing on a rock .
swimmers diving into a swimming pool .
a group of people are standing up .
a group of people wearing black .
swimmers swimming in a swimming pool .
a man is falling into the water .
people waiting in line in line .
two people stand near the beach .
a woman and a child enjoying the day .
a mother and son are kissing .
a woman and her son are sitting outside .
a race car is racing .
a race car is racing .
a car drives down the street .
a car drives down the street .
a woman is talking on the phone while sitting on a bench .
a brown and white dog is licking its nose .
a man is walking down a street .
a group of cheerleaders perform a routine .
a man with a beard .
a group of people are gathered together .
a little girl playing on the beach .
a man holding a drink and holding a drink .
a man jumping off the ground .
a band is performing on stage .
a band playing music .
a man sitting on a bench .
a band plays on stage .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a child in a blue shirt is jumping .
a crowd watches a child on a swing .
a man holding a flag .
people wearing costumes .
people dressed in costumes are dancing .
people walking around outside .
people walking down a busy street .
people walking down a street .
two people wearing costumes .
a couple dressed in costumes on the street .
a young woman in a costume is dancing .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a group of adults are standing together .
a group of people dressed in red and white costumes .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a young girl in a plaid shirt painting .
a black dog running .
a man painting a mural .
a group of people are standing around a staircase .
a dog is playing with a ball .
children playing soccer .
two women are crossing the street .
children are waiting for a soccer ball .
a dog playing with a toy .
two children are playing in front of a house .
children are playing with children .
people riding on a river .
four people are sitting on a bench .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding a toy .
a man is looking into a bag .
a man is walking down an alley .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a project .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down an alley .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man walking down the street .
three men standing on top of a rock .
two dogs are looking at something on the ground .
a group of people playing music .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man working on scaffolding .
two women at a competition at a competition .
a group of women shooting a basketball .
two girls competing in a martial arts competition .
two women are looking at something .
a man rides a bicycle .
a group of people on a stage .
a man climbing up a wall .
a person climbing a rock .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a guitar plays his guitar in front of a microphone .
a man in a suit is playing an instrument .
a man playing a guitar .
children playing in the sand .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people running through a field .
a young man in a red shirt is holding a drum .
a person wears gloves and gloves .
a man with a red shirt and a red shirt is holding a tree branch .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman standing at a store .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a band is listening to music .
a construction worker is looking into the crowd .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man in a suit .
a snowboarder doing a jump .
a man playing the drums .
a man and a dog are on a sand dune .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench with his eyes closed .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is putting up a little girl .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
a group of people are holding umbrellas .
a woman carrying luggage .
a baseball player runs towards base .
people walking down the street .
a child in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a baseball player runs towards the base .
a man in a park in a park .
people sitting on a bench .
two men are standing next to a boy .
two soldiers pose for a picture .
two men are sitting at a table .
a small boy is sitting in front of a group of people .
people laughing .
a woman is talking on a cellphone while another man talks on her cellphone .
skiers are skiing down a snowy hill .
football players on a football field .
three people are standing in the snow .
two people skiing down a snowy hill .
three people laughing .
two people jump over snow .
a man is sleeping on the floor .
a woman walking .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man laying down on the ground .
two scuba divers in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is doing some sort of work .
a child in a karate class .
a kid in a yellow karate uniform does a karate kick .
a woman is cooking meat on a grill .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a woman standing in front of a store .
a woman with long hair wearing a black shirt and black boots is posing for a picture .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman poses for a picture .
a man and a woman are crossing a street .
a man and a woman are sleeping .
girls playing on a swing .
people overlooking the mountains .
two girls playing on a swing set .
two dogs are playing in a field .
two dogs are running in a field .
a child is jumping .
a little girl in a green shirt is jumping on the grass with a black scarf in her hand .
people swinging on a swing .
a girl running in the grass .
a child is holding a baby .
people playing in the water .
two people playing in water .
a woman and a child are playing outside .
a woman holding a baby holding a baby .
a child is holding something in his hand .
a group of people are walking in front of a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking up a slope .
a woman taking a break from a bicycle .
a boy is playing on a swing .
a man is laying on a grassy hill with his eyes closed .
a young child is wearing a bib .
a baby is eating a hotdog .
a woman and a woman laying in the grass in the grass .
a man and a woman laying on the grass .
a child eats a snack .
two men taking pictures .
a man taking a picture .
a man is standing next to a busy street .
a man is getting a haircut .
two young men are walking down the street .
a man taking a picture .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a man holding a camera .
a group of people playing soccer on a field .
two teams playing soccer in a soccer game .
two women are applying mascara .
two women carrying bags on their head .
two women carrying bags on their heads .
two women are taking a break .
two women carrying garbage bags .
a woman is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a little girl poses in a tree .
two women walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is walking on a path with a straw on her head .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking up a path .
a woman is carrying something on her head .
a flock of birds on a lake .
a woman grilling meat on a grill .
a woman preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman grilling meat .
two women walking down the street .
two dogs run through the grass .
a black and white dog jumps over a fence .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people are talking to each other .
people sitting and talking .
two people are sitting on a bus .
a group of friends talking to each other .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
a group of runners running on a track .
there is a picture of a group of people in a race .
a dog in a field .
a man playing tennis .
a football player is running in a football game .
a child is getting ready to throw a bowl .
a young child wearing a red shirt and red pants .
a young man playing football .
a wedding party .
a bride and groom taking pictures .
a group of people walking down a path .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a bride is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of people are walking past a lamp post .
people walking down the street .
people walking at a park .
a group of people are walking along a sidewalk .
a bride and groom are walking with a bride and groom .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a bride and groom walk down the aisle .
a man is throwing a chicken .
a baby is posing for the camera .
two men are playing instruments .
a baby is smiling .
a baby smiling .
a baby is smiling .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
two men are talking .
a little girl is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man giving a thumbs up to another man .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are laughing .
a man with a camera gives a speech .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is giving a speech .
a group of friends celebrating .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is jogging on the street .
a woman is walking down the street with a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt and black boots is walking down a street with a man in a black jacket .
a woman in black walks down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is walking towards the camera .
a group of people hanging out in the air .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man and a child are laughing .
a group of people are sitting around a bed .
people are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is bowling .
a woman playing a board game .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
people walking on a street .
a black and white dog running .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through the grass .
a black and white dog is playing with a stick .
a black and white dog is running .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a beard .
a man playing an accordion .
a bearded man is playing his guitar .
a man wearing a white shirt .
an older man is holding a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is leaning against a brick wall .
a man playing a guitar .
a bearded man is playing an acoustic guitar .
a man with a beard leans on a wall .
people are walking down the street .
five people in a boat .
a young boy is writing at a desk .
people standing under an airplane .
people walking down a sidewalk .
people are looking at an airplane .
a boy writing in a notebook .
a plane flies over a board .
a toddler on a rock .
a group of people on a boat .
a little boy balancing on rocks .
two men fishing in a boat .
people relaxing on the floor .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a young boy is about to jump .
a group of people are outside .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man is walking down the street .
a black and white dog running .
a man playing a guitar .
people climb a rope rope .
a man working on a fire .
a person in a pink shirt is climbing rope .
a man riding a bike .
a man climbing a rock .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt standing next to a vehicle .
a man uses a tool to repair a man .
two men working on a project .
a man working on a scaffold on the side of a scaffold .
a man in an orange shirt is working on scaffolding on a scaffold in a street .
two men working on a roof .
a man is standing next to a cart .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man stands near plants .
a man taking a picture in the woods .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a cellphone .
a man working in a kitchen .
a man with his face painted .
a man wearing a mask is welding .
a man with a mask is taking a break .
a man wearing a hard hat and a hard hat is looking at something .
a man wearing a mask .
a man standing on a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt talking on his cellphone .
a man on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
two men are playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a javelin .
a group of men are playing basketball while the crowd watches .
a guy on a basketball court .
a woman laughing .
a family is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman is hugging a dog .
a brown dog jumps over a hurdle .
a baby is sitting on the floor .
a baby is sitting on the floor .
a baby is sitting on the floor .
a child in a living room .
a baby holding a baby .
a young child is running through the water .
a baby is crying .
an african american baby is laying on a carpet .
a baby is smiling .
children are sitting on a blanket .
four people are playing a game in a park .
two dogs wearing white shirts .
four children are sitting on a bench .
four children are sitting under a blanket .
a man working on a house .
two people are sitting in the grass .
a young man wearing sunglasses .
a group of police officers on horses .
a group of men in white shirts .
two men are walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to throw a baseball .
a man is playing tennis .
a man in a red shirt is looking at the line of a line .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of men dressed in red .
a man is playing tennis .
a man in a red shirt playing a game .
a man is playing tennis on a tennis court .
a man is swinging at a tennis ball .
a tennis player prepares to hit a tennis ball .
a tennis player in the middle of a game .
a group of people playing tennis .
a little boy is playing on a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a smiling man is smiling .
a boy climbs a tree branch .
a man is sitting on a bench next to a trashcan .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man drinking a drink .
a man holding a drink .
a man is holding a bottle in his hands .
a man holding a beer .
a man running .
people are walking down the street .
four people are standing in front of trees .
a group of people walking through the woods .
a group of hikers on a trail .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a couple smiling .
two people are talking to each other .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a young man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a person walking down the street .
people are gathered around a building .
a baby is crying .
a woman is holding a baby .
people walking down a city street .
a person is sitting in a field .
people are standing in the subway .
a baby is crying .
a group of men are standing on a platform .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a man wearing a black and white striped shirt is handing out a tray of red juice .
a person in a rain rain .
a man in a red helmet rides a bicycle .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
two women are looking at each other .
a girl walking on the sidewalk .
a person is wearing a red helmet .
a girl carrying a sign .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a group of people listening to a speech .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a team of soccer players playing soccer .
a group of runners race .
a woman is sitting in a food market .
a woman sitting in front of vegetables .
woman sitting in front of baskets of vegetables .
a woman selling vegetables and vegetables .
a woman sits in front of a wooden wall in front of a low wall .
a person sitting on a bench in the middle of a city .
soccer players in green uniforms play soccer .
a blond boy with a butterfly on his head .
a man preparing food in a kitchen .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man is looking at the camera .
a bride and groom kissing .
two people are talking to each other .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
five people are standing in the water .
a group of people are jumping in the river .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man and woman dancing .
a group of people in a kayak .
a couple dancing on a stage .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a dog in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
people in a boat .
people in a boat .
people floating in water .
a group of people are in a boat .
people are standing in a boat .
a dog is holding a stick .
three men are standing near a dock .
two men in a boat .
four men are standing on a rock .
a dog swims in the water .
a man working on a project .
a man holding a little girl .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a child is taking a picture .
a boy watches a man in a blue shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down a street .
a boy wearing a hat and a hat .
people walking past a building .
two men are working in the woods .
a man in a blue shirt holding a protest sign .
two dogs play in the water .
a child is looking at something .
three women walking down a street .
three women are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a dog swims in the water .
a man working in a lab .
a man is praying .
a woman playing pool .
a girl playing pool .
a woman playing pool .
a woman is playing tennis .
a woman is bowling .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing pool .
a woman playing pool .
a woman playing pool .
a golfer prepares to hit his golf ball .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a woman playing pool .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a woman playing pool .
a woman is playing pool in a pool .
a man is jumping into the water .
a dog catches a frisbee .
an asian man is pointing at an asian woman .
a group of people are climbing a mountain .
a band performs on stage .
people are standing in the snow .
a group of people hiking up a snowy mountain .
a woman is playing drums with a band .
a band performs on stage .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a band playing the drums .
a little girl and a little girl are smiling .
a man walking down the street .
a homeless man walking with his bags .
a man wearing a black shirt is walking past a shop .
a man walking down the street .
three women are talking on the steps .
a man is working on a stove .
a woman is cooking .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a young girl is posing for a picture .
a girl poses for the camera .
a person laying down in the grass .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl laying down on the ground .
a woman is cooking .
a person walking in the snow .
a group of skiers walk down a snowy slope .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a dog swims with a toy .
a person is skiing down a mountain .
a man and a woman are cleaning leaves .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
a woman standing in a subway station .
a group of people getting ready to take a break .
a group of people work on a boat .
a ship is being towed by a ship .
people work on a ship .
a group of people are working on a ship .
a group of people are standing on a dock .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people are working on a train .
people are standing outside .
a group of people are standing next to a firetruck .
a group of people are standing near a boat .
a group of men are standing next to a van .
two men standing next to a boat .
a group of people standing next to a boat .
a group of men on a dock .
two men standing next to each other .
children playing in the grass .
two young boys are working on a roof .
kids playing soccer .
two boys playing in the sand .
a group of dogs play in a yard .
two boys playing in the sand .
two dogs playing in the grass .
three dogs play in the grass .
a little girl hula hoops .
a girl playing with a hula hoop .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
a pitcher prepares to throw a pitch .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a musician playing guitar .
a musician is playing a guitar .
a man in a cowboy hat plays a guitar .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
two girls are sitting in front of a chalkboard .
a group of children are looking at a piece of paper .
two young girls are having fun .
two girls are painting a building .
two girls making a craft .
a person is sitting on a bench and selling items .
a bird flying .
a man with a towel on his head .
a man in a blue shirt is dancing .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in an alley .
a woman singing into a microphone .
people posing for a picture .
a woman sings into a microphone .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a woman stands in front of a church .
a man holding a protest sign .
a street vendor selling food .
a street vendor stands outside .
a street vendor selling food .
a street vendor selling goods .
a vendor selling food .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a child on a skateboard .
a young man doing a skateboard trick .
a woman jumping in the grass .
a skateboarder does a trick .
two police officers are looking at papers .
a woman with a police officer .
a police officer sits next to a police officer who is sitting on the curb .
a man is taking a nap .
a man sitting on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting with his head in his hands .
a man is sitting in a chair with his eyes closed .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a man and woman are shopping .
a dog is walking on the beach .
a person snowboarding .
a child sits in the woods .
a blond girl is walking down the street .
a snowboarder is going down a building .
a man and a woman are boxing .
two boxers fighting .
two guys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
two men wrestling .
a man is walking down the street .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a man is standing outside .
a man is standing next to a yellow building .
people walking down a street .
a woman is cooking in her kitchen .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a woman in a kitchen with a dog .
a woman is cooking .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman in a blue shirt is knitting .
a woman is cooking .
a black and white dog is looking at a woman .
a child is looking at the water .
a little boy in a swimming pool .
a little girl in a blue shirt and a girl in a bathing suit are swimming .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a toddler swimming in a pool .
a person looking at something .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat .
a man in a blue shirt is directing a group of people .
a man holding a camera .
a man is wearing a yellow shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people getting ready to make a shot .
a closeup of a video camera .
a photographer takes pictures .
a biker wearing a helmet .
a man in a green hat is using a book .
two people walking under an umbrella .
a man in a baseball cap is speaking .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a young boy reading a book .
a man reading a book .
two children smiling at a grocery store .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a father and son playing with toys .
a group of children are playing with a rope .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a black jacket is standing in a doorway .
a man working on a machine .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black jacket plays a drum in front of a store .
a woman wearing an orange shirt and black pants .
two boys playing soccer .
two men playing a sport .
two people are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are playing .
two men playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a sword .
a father and his son are playing .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two people looking at a display display .
two children looking through a display case .
a band playing music .
a group of people walking .
an older woman wearing a uniform and a baseball cap .
a group of people are walking in front of a castle .
a group of people wearing white shirts .
a group of people holding signs .
a group of people are standing outside .
people holding signs .
a group of people are holding up signs .
a group of people walking down a street .
a crowd of people in a city .
women at a party .
a woman wearing a cap .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the side of a street .
a snowboarder flies his bike .
a woman in a city setting .
two women dancing .
a man in a colorful costume is playing the accordion .
an old man playing an accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a
a man and a woman sitting on a couch .
a group of people are talking .
a group of people are having drinks .
people are getting ready to cross the street .
a man is listening to a woman .
a group of people are having drinks .
a man sitting on a couch .
a black and white dog running in the grass .
a man is holding a plate .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the yard .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man standing on the street .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is standing on the street .
a snowboarder is lying in a blanket .
two girls sit under the street .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman is holding a telescope on her head .
a woman looking at the sky .
a woman using a telescope .
a young child is sitting on his bike .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a child poses for a picture .
a child on a bike .
a man playing the violin .
people are looking at something .
a young boy is sitting on his bike in a park .
a couple of people on a motorcycle .
a group of dancers performing on a stage .
two men waiting in line .
a young man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
two men walking down the street .
a man standing next to a police car .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing .
two police officers on a street .
two men standing next to each other .
a man is standing on rocks .
two men playing basketball .
a man in a bar .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a family is walking down the street .
a dog and a dog are standing in the snow .
a boy is hugging a dog .
a child is hugging a dog in the snow .
a little boy and a girl are hugging each other on a porch .
a boy is hugging a woman in a snow covered area .
a boy is hugging a dog .
a child is running in the snow with a dog in its mouth .
a boy and a dog are playing with a toy .
a young boy wearing a dark blue jacket .
a boy and a boy are playing outside .
a boy and a dog are playing outside .
a boy holding a dog in the snow .
a band plays in a parade .
a marching band in a marching band .
a band performs on stage .
a boy is standing next to a fence in the snow .
a motorcyclist is wearing a white helmet .
people on motorcycles .
a group of men riding motorcycles .
people riding motorcycles .
two workers repairing a building .
a group of police officers on motorcycles .
two dogs chase after a dog .
a group of people are gathered outside .
two women holding their arms up .
two men racing a race .
three children are smiling .
a group of hikers are climbing .
three people are smiling .
a child swims in the face of a pool .
a group of people walking up a mountain .
a woman is taking a picture in a photo .
a child drinking a drink .
people enjoying the beach .
a group of people are outside .
a clown is smiling .
people sitting on a bench .
three children are sitting at a table .
two women are looking at a cellphone .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man is pulling a cart .
a man is holding something .
a man is using a cup .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is sitting on the street .
a group of musicians are sitting at a table .
four men are sitting and playing instruments .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a group of men playing instruments .
a woman sitting on a park bench .
a woman sweeping .
three children are sitting at a table .
a man holding a poster .
a woman is walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man standing next to a brown building .
two people walking down the street .
an elderly woman sweeping the sidewalk .
four dogs in the snow .
a man holding a young boy 's hand .
a man reading a book .
a man playing a guitar .
a man walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a suit is reading a magazine .
a man in a plaid hat sits in a lawn chair .
a man is looking at a menu .
children playing in a playground .
two children playing outside .
two children are playing with a toy frisbee in the grass .
two children ride a horse .
two men are performing .
a woman in a white dress is speaking into a conference .
a woman speaking to a group of people .
a woman speaking into a microphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a child is playing in the snow .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a young boy sits on the grass .
a young boy is sitting on a rock .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a boy watching an event .
a boy in an orange shirt sitting in the grass .
a child in a green shirt is standing in the woods .
a boy is sitting in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a field .
a young boy wearing an orange shirt and blue jeans .
a young boy wearing a white shirt and black pants is sitting in a grassy field .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a field .
people are eating in front of a store .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a woman is standing near a waterfall .
a group of children holding hands .
a family poses for a picture for a picture .
a group of children are posing for a picture .
there is a large waterfall in the water .
a group of people are putting their hands together .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a construction worker making a call .
two climbers climbing a rock .
two older men are cleaning bricks .
a group of men dressed in costumes are walking down the street .
a group of men are standing in front of a car .
two men wearing hats stand outside .
a cat is looking at a cat .
a large building in a city .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a large group of people are gathered around a building .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a group of people are gathered together .
people selling food in a market .
people walking through the snow .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are buying vegetables .
the cars are parked on the street .
a group of people are working .
two men and a woman are at a bar .
two men are walking down the street .
five men are standing in front of a group of people .
a group of people are standing around a table .
five men are standing around a table .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
a group of people waiting in line .
a group of girls are standing on the street .
a girl in a striped shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a black shirt stands behind a counter .
a girl is looking down from the street .
a woman standing next to balls .
a man on a field .
a man eating ice cream .
a street scene is on the road .
a woman in a pink top is standing in a crowd .
three children are playing basketball on a basketball court .
a woman preparing food .
a woman is cooking .
a group of people are standing at a picnic table .
a woman preparing food .
a busy city street .
a woman preparing food outside .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
people are walking down a city street .
a man surfing a wave .
a man is walking down the street .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
a surfer rides a very large wave .
two dogs running in the snow .
an elderly woman looking at something .
two dogs play with each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man holding a microphone in his hand .
a dj performing a concert .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is petting a dog .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a dog and a man are standing next to each other .
a small brown dog playing with a toy .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
a man in a swimming pool .
a black and white dog is coming out of the water .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a man in a swimming pool .
a surfer rides a wave .
the truck is parked in the grass .
three people sitting on the grass .
a man playing a guitar .
a musician playing guitar .
a person sitting on a bench .
an old man playing the accordion on the sidewalk .
a dog plays in the water .
a black dog is playing in the water .
a black dog swims in the water .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is standing on rocks .
a dog is holding a stick .
a dog running in the snow .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person surfing in the ocean .
a surfer on a red board .
a surfer rides a wave .
a woman is holding an umbrella .
a surfer performs a trick .
a person is skiing down a mountain .
a man climbing up a mountain .
a group of teenagers are standing together .
a group of young asian students are dancing .
a group of teenagers sitting in a room .
a group of teenagers sitting at a table .
a group of teenagers are sitting in a classroom with their laptops on their faces .
a man is looking at the ice .
a man in a black shirt looking at a wheelbarrow .
a little boy plays with a kite .
two men competing in a competition .
a girl in red is playing frisbee .
a girl throwing a frisbee .
people walking down a street .
a dog catches a frisbee .
people are waiting for customers .
two men playing frisbee .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man in a red shirt is doing a flip .
a man is playing golf .
three people are hanging upside down on a bicycle while one looks down .
a football player wearing a yellow and yellow uniform is running .
a group of adults and children playing soccer .
a man wearing a mask and hat is skiing in the snow .
a man looking at a glass display .
a woman in a blue shirt is making a pizza .
a man playing hockey with a small child in the background .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a person taking a picture .
people sitting around a table .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting around a table .
an older couple posing for a picture .
a little girl is sitting at a zoo .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a child sliding down a slide .
a man in a brown shirt is playing a guitar .
a woman is riding a horse while two other horses are in the background .
a child wearing a helmet is sliding down a slide .
a person sliding down a slide .
a young child playing in the snow .
a parade runner getting ready for a parade for a parade .
a toddler plays with a stuffed animal .
a man in a blue shirt is playing golf .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a guy in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a man is walking past a crosswalk .
a man is looking into the bed of a truck .
a man is practicing martial arts moves .
a plane in a room .
a young boy in a martial arts competition .
a young man in a karate competition .
a young man practicing karate moves .
a man in a white shirt is performing a trick .
a young man in a karate uniform doing karate .
a man in a blue uniform poses for a picture .
a man in a martial arts class .
a man practicing martial arts .
a band performs on stage .
a band is performing on stage in front of a large building .
a rock band is playing music .
a band performs on stage .
three men are sitting at a table .
a group of children playing soccer .
four men are performing on a stage in front of a building .
a band performs for a show .
two men are playing basketball .
a child is playing in the snow .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people on stage .
a person walking down the street .
a child looking into the woods .
a man with a balloon on his face .
two children hugging each other .
two children hugging each other .
a man taking a cart on the street .
a man selling his wares outside .
two children are hugging each other .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a torch .
a group of people are eating .
kids playing hockey in the goal .
a man shaving his face .
people holding signs .
a man and a fire .
a man is walking down the street .
a man holding a sign .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man with a yellow vest is working on a fire .
people are smiling .
a man walking down the street .
a man standing next to a grocery store .
a bald man standing on a sidewalk .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a city .
people are shopping at a market .
people are selling meat .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a butcher is preparing meat .
a man drinks from a drink .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with glasses and a beard is pouring a beer .
a man standing next to a drink .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man looking into a window .
a dog runs through the water .
a man in a white shirt is selling items on a booth .
a group of people are waiting for something .
a woman is looking through a window .
a group of students are waiting for their train .
two police officers on horses .
two men are standing in front of each other .
a person throwing a frisbee .
a woman wearing shorts and a blue shirt is jumping .
a woman prepares to throw a stick .
a woman is throwing a stick .
two women are playing in the woods .
a woman throwing a stick .
a woman on a dirt road .
a group of people are outside .
a woman jumping high in the air .
two people climbing a rock .
a woman in a yellow and yellow tube .
people rock climbing .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a girl is jumping in the snow .
four people at a football field .
a young girl dancing .
a group of people are outside .
two men playing tug of war .
a man is sitting on a bench talking on his cellphone .
a boy in a sweater is sitting on a chair .
two men standing in the middle of a road .
two men wearing hard hats are working .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of men wearing hard hats .
three men are standing outside .
a construction crew working on the road .
construction workers working on a road .
three men wearing safety vests .
people riding in a truck .
a man is driving a vehicle .
a group of men riding on a truck .
a truck driving on a gravel road .
a man in a red shirt is standing in a street .
a woman in a black jacket is drinking a drink .
a woman is sitting in a tent .
a woman is standing next to a child .
a little girl in a pink shirt is crying .
two women are looking at an exhibit .
a man with a beard .
an elderly man wearing a tank top and a tank top .
a man is standing in the sun .
a group of men in blue uniforms .
two men are talking to each other .
people talking outside .
two police officers outside a store .
a man sweeping an empty pond .
a man sweeping the ground in the backyard .
a man sweeping a yard .
a man is walking down the street .
a man stands near a pond .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a baseball cap .
a man is working on the ground .
a man is hanging out of christmas lights .
two people are standing outside .
two people standing in the grass .
a man in a blue hat is cleaning an empty pool .
a man is standing in a garbage bin .
a man in a red shirt is speaking to a group of people .
people are working on a subway .
two men competing in a race .
a man with a tattoo .
a woman wearing a skirt .
three women are sitting at a table .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a boat in a boat .
a ship on a cloudy day .
a man in a plaid shirt is drawing .
a young man sitting on a bench .
a man dances with a woman .
a woman is walking on the sidewalk .
a woman carrying a purse .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a woman on a street .
a woman is walking across the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman in a black shirt is talking to a woman .
two dogs play in the grass .
a brown and white dog playing in the grass .
people sitting at a table .
runners race through the woods .
an elderly woman walking down the street .
a woman sitting in the sand .
a policeman is smiling at a woman .
a woman in a blue sweater is sitting on a bench .
a little girl wearing a black dress .
a woman wearing a black sweater is sitting on the beach with a scarf on the beach .
a woman sitting on the beach in front of a rock .
a girl in a black jacket and hat is sleeping in a blanket .
a group of football players in front of a large crowd .
a man holding a card .
a woman stands in front of a wedding photo .
a woman is walking towards the side of the street .
a woman is waiting outside .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street in front of a large poster .
a couple walking .
a band is playing music .
four children are walking down a street .
people holding flags .
a man and a woman are holding a torch .
a young couple enjoying the day .
a man and woman talk at an intersection .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a man and a woman are eating ice cream cones .
a group of people are outside .
men are walking down the street .
a man in a white tank top is leaving the ocean .
people are eating ice cream cones .
a man and a woman are eating food .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking up a busy street .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a couple is eating ice cream cones .
a group of children are playing monopoly .
a man holding a camera .
a white dog on a deck .
a man is standing next to tents .
a woman pushing a stroller .
a football game with a football game .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an african american man stands in front of an audience .
a group of people are getting ready for the day .
people at a market .
people walking towards a house .
people walking in the middle of a city .
people walking towards a building .
a group of people walking .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a brown dog is running in the snow .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a field .
a man walking down a street .
a man with long hair .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man with long hair and a beard is walking down a street .
a man walking across a crosswalk .
a person wearing a helmet .
a man dressed in a black jacket .
a man with long hair wearing a backpack .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a backpack across the street .
a man is wearing a backpack .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man stands next to a mountain .
a woman is standing in front of a hospital .
a boy laughing .
two little boys play with toys .
a child in a costume .
a group of people are preparing food with food and drinks .
four men are eating .
a young boy in a costume .
people are gathered in a field .
a family sits at a picnic table .
a chef is looking at something .
a chef is looking out the window .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a chef is looking out the window .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a large group of people are gathered in the desert .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a dog is running through the snow .
a group of people gather outside .
a bird flying .
a helicopter flies through the air .
a little girl eats candy .
a surfer rides a wave .
a boy is jumping into the air .
a boy is jumping in front of a brick wall .
construction workers standing near a fence .
three men are hanging upside down .
two men in a hole in a hole .
three men are working on a construction site .
three construction workers working on a construction site .
three men in orange jackets are standing in a hole in the middle of a hole .
a group of people wearing hard hats .
two men are walking down the street .
men wearing hard hats are working on scaffolding .
a group of people at a concert .
a man is eating a meal .
a person is sitting in front of a mountain .
two men at a sporting event .
a woman is teaching a group of young women .
a woman in front of a group of people .
a group of students are listening to a presentation .
a group of women are gathered in a classroom listening to a presentation .
two men in a room .
an image of a television .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing up .
a woman giving a presentation .
a woman giving a presentation .
people are listening to music .
a group of people on a roller coaster .
a group of young people in a classroom .
a group of people are preparing food .
a girl in a blue shirt is jumping over a lake .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a bike .
two soccer players are trying to kick the ball .
a woman hitting a golf ball .
a young woman in a white shirt is bowling .
a woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is juggling .
a man in a blue shirt is running across a field .
the brown and white dog is pulling a wheelbarrow .
a group of people are riding a tractor .
four men are riding a john deere tractor .
people are walking down a street .
a football player in a white uniform is watching another player .
a man is standing on the sidelines .
a football game at a game .
a man in a blue shirt is bowling .
a young boy jumping off a trampoline .
a soccer game is being played .
men playing music in a park .
a person walking down the street .
a woman looking through a mirror .
a man in a white shirt holding a broom .
a man walking down the street .
a man sweeping a street .
a bmx biker jumps off a hill .
a bull being thrown by a bull .
a bull catches a frisbee .
a bull is being thrown by a bull .
two men are playing instruments .
a man is surfing on a beach .
a group of people at a carnival .
two men are walking down the street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man playing a trumpet .
children playing on a hot day .
women dancing outside .
children playing in a fountain .
two girls sit on a dock .
children playing in water .
people playing in water .
a brown dog is standing on its hind legs .
a dog is walking towards the sidewalk .
a dog runs through the grass .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man at a fair .
a man working at a carnival .
a young woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a small trampoline .
a woman is throwing a water bottle .
a woman is sitting on a trampoline .
a motocross bike is going down the road .
a biker rides a bike .
a biker rides his bike .
a girl slides down a snowy slope .
a person riding a bike .
a bicyclist is riding a bike .
a group of children dancing on a trampoline .
a child is looking at pigeons .
a cyclist jumps off a railing .
a boy rides a bicycle .
a boy rides a bike .
a person doing a trick on a bike .
a man rides a bike .
a woman on a beach .
a person is looking at a horse .
a group of people standing in front of computers .
a woman looking at something .
a woman watches as a man watches .
a woman in a blue shirt looking at a dog .
a man in a black shirt is holding a bathroom .
a group of soldiers are walking past a restaurant .
a man is smiling at a woman .
a young man is sitting at a table looking at food .
a group of children playing soccer .
a group of people watching a wrestler .
a group of children playing soccer .
two boys riding skateboards .
a group of children playing soccer .
two men stand next to each other .
a group of people are sleeping on a train in front of a building .
a woman is taking a ride .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a woman carrying a bag .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man is pulling a rope in the water .
a woman making yarn .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a woman making yarn .
a woman making yarn .
a woman making yarn .
a woman using a loom .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman using a loom .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman in a tank top is taking a picture .
a woman working with yarn .
a woman in a blue shirt holding a book .
a woman is spinning yarn .
a group of people racing on a track .
a dog chases a ball .
a dog chases a ball .
a dog runs on a gravel path .
a dog runs after a ball .
a dog catches a tennis ball .
a dog in the woods .
a man and woman dancing .
a brown and white dog is walking outside .
people dancing .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a group of people are standing together .
two basketball players playing basketball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man with a blue cap and blue cap .
a baby is crying .
a group of people walking on a bridge .
a group of basketball players against each other .
a woman is applying mascara .
a woman is standing in a box .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is applying mascara to a woman .
two police officers talking .
a man is cooking meat on a grill .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a group of men are walking down a street .
two clowns are standing next to each other .
a group of people standing next to each other .
a group of protesters are standing together .
two clowns wearing costumes are standing together with their instruments .
two musicians with their instruments .
a man in a white shirt plays the guitar .
a man is cooking meat .
two men are doing a conversation .
two women are dancing .
a group of men are watching a group of people .
three men performing on stage .
a group of men on stage .
a group of men dancing .
three men talking to each other .
a group of friends are having fun .
three men are singing .
a baby in a swing .
people climb a rock .
a man works on a sculpture .
a man working on an art project .
a man carving ice cream .
a man in a jacket and a man in a jacket .
a boy wearing a mask .
two girls swimming .
a football player is running .
a football player prepares to throw the ball .
a football player holding a football .
a football player in a red jersey is running .
a football player holding a football .
a football player tries to catch a football .
doctors performing surgery .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
the cars are parked in the street .
a group of cyclists riding on a street .
a man playing with a ball .
a little girl jumps over a cone .
a football player prepares to kick a football .
a man playing football .
a man playing tennis .
a little girl with an orange cone on her head .
a man is playing with a large object .
a little girl is playing with a tunnel .
a little girl plays with her hair .
two girls playing on a playground .
girls playing on a playground .
a man is kicking a soccer ball .
a man playing football .
a man prepares to kick a football .
a man on a field .
a football player on a football field .
a child is laying down on a red mat .
a police officer is waiting to cross the street while waiting to cross the street .
a child in a red shirt is looking at a table .
a child is sitting on the floor .
a child is standing on top of a truck .
a baby in red .
a brown dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through water .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown and white dog is running through the water .
a nurse is taking a bath .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the water .
a woman throwing a ball .
a man throwing a ball .
a young girl in a blue baseball uniform is throwing a ball while another girl watches .
a girl is throwing a softball .
two girls playing softball .
a girl throwing a ball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a little girl slides down a lane .
a woman standing on a fruit stand .
people shopping at a market .
a woman selling goods .
a market full of vegetables .
a group of men are juggling fire .
a snowboarder in the mountains .
a group of workers are working at the beach .
a fireman parked next to a building .
people are reading a book .
a man relaxing on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a man is looking at a woman .
a man is walking across the street .
a man in a gray shirt looking out the window .
a man on a soccer field .
a man is standing on stairs .
a man is playing soccer .
a child is holding something .
a football player is running .
four dancers perform on stage .
two girls laughing .
two people are smiling .
two people laughing and laughing .
two women are laughing .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people in a medical room .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are gathered together .
a dog playing with a toy .
a man with a beard pushes a shopping cart .
a busy street .
an orchestra is playing music .
two men wrestling .
street vendors are selling food .
passengers are riding on a train .
a mother and her son walking on a snowy hill .
a man is cutting food .
a man in a white t shirt is preparing food in a kitchen .
a young boy poses for the camera while holding a camera .
a young boy is cooking food .
a boy is cooking .
a young boy is cooking in a kitchen .
a man is cooking food .
a man in a white shirt cutting food with a knife .
a man cutting meat .
people standing near a body of water .
people are standing in the water .
a couple of people are standing in front of a creek .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people walking .
a man wearing a suit .
a group of people talking .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a girl in a blue shirt is talking to a football game .
a man and a woman are playing a video game .
a football game in a football game .
people walking on a city street .
a man in a hat is walking through the desert with a blue sky in the background .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and khaki pants is running .
a man walking in the desert .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a desert .
a man wearing a hat is walking up a sandy beach with a stick in his right hand and a backpack .
a man is walking on a sand dune .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking up a hill .
a person walking down the street .
a man carrying a bag walks through the desert .
a man walking in a desert with an umbrella .
a man walking on the beach with a backpack on the horizon .
a man walking down a busy street .
a person is walking through the desert in the rain .
a man wearing a white and white striped shirt .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a young man is sitting at the edge of a fountain .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting next to a water fountain .
a person climbing a rock .
a group of people competing in a martial arts competition .
a man is talking .
a man on a cellphone .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people on the beach .
a man is cutting wood .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a band playing their instruments .
a boy pulls a toy car .
a brown dog is biting a couch .
two women walking down the street .
a lady in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black dress smiles .
a woman drinks from a drink .
people are walking through a courtyard .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a creek runs through the grass .
a small dog in a creek .
the sun sets in the grass .
there is a creek in the middle of the road .
a dog runs through a grassy area .
a girl is drawing a portrait .
the photographer is taking a picture .
a man holding a camera .
a photographer takes a picture .
a photographer takes a picture .
a white dog is looking at something .
a teddy bear is lying on the ground .
a teddy bear is hanging from a microscope .
a scientist is looking at a microscope .
the teddy bear is in the background .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people at an event .
the brown dog is biting a brown and white puppy .
the giraffe has its mouth open .
the brown and white dog has its mouth open .
the brown and white dog has its mouth open .
the brown and white dog has its mouth open .
people talking to the rain .
a group of people are standing outside .
a couple walking down the street .
two men talking to each other .
people walking down the street .
a variety of fruits and vegetables .
the fruit stand in the market .
a car is being sold on a display of fruit .
a large fruit market with a fruit .
this is a display of fruits and vegetables .
two dogs look at each other .
a woman is making a face .
a little girl is crying .
a little girl is sitting on a couch .
a girl in a red dress is holding a red umbrella .
a girl is lying on a couch .
a dog carries a stick .
people standing outside of a store .
a woman is walking past a man with a bag in her hand .
a woman walking down the street .
people posing for a picture .
a bride and groom getting married .
a group of men and women standing together .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people at a wedding party .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
people walking down a street .
a dog runs through the grass .
kids playing music .
a group of teenagers playing their instruments .
a young child is sitting on a bench .
a boy reading a book on a bench .
a young boy reading a book in a classroom .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a biker rides a bike .
a singer in a black dress is singing into a microphone .
a man and a woman are on stage .
two people are playing instruments .
a man in a blue t shirt is working on an orange vehicle with his hand on his head .
two men are examining a bike .
a man working on a bicycle .
two men are doing work .
a basketball player throwing a ball .
a boy is shooting a gun while a man watches .
a basketball player looks on as the referee looks on .
two boys in blue shirts are playing basketball .
two women crossing the street .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young boy in a black shirt playing basketball .
a man is walking down the street .
doctors are performing surgery .
doctors are watching a patient .
a woman in a green scrubs is performing a surgery .
a doctor working on a patient .
doctors performing surgery .
people kissing .
a woman in a white shirt is working .
children playing with water water .
children playing in the water .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
kids playing with water .
children playing in the water .
a young girl making yarn .
a baseball player holding a ball .
a group of people are gathered together .
a person is sleeping in an airport .
a person stands at an airport .
a person in a blue shirt is standing next to a bus .
a person is sleeping on a bench in the airport .
a person with a hat is sleeping on his head .
people walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeps on a bench with his eyes closed .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt holding a camera .
a man throwing a ball .
a child playing soccer in the air .
a child is doing a handstand .
a young boy is playing soccer .
a woman is laughing .
a woman is in a room .
a child is kicking a soccer ball .
a man in a white t shirt is sitting on a skateboard .
a skateboarder is sitting on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on the street .
a kid sitting on a skateboard .
a man sitting on a bench .
two dogs run through the grass .
police officers standing on the street .
two police officers are standing in front of a building .
police officers standing by an airport .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
police officers on the street .
a woman in a black jacket and a woman in a red jacket are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people in a crowd .
a man giving a speech .
people listening to music .
a crowd of people holding hands .
a person riding a bicycle .
a woman is eating .
two men in a shop .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of students sitting at a restaurant table .
three people are hanging from a coffee shop .
people are working on computers in a cafe .
a woman pushing a stroller .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt and the other in a striped shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt cleaning the oven .
a girl is standing on a street .
a girl in a blue shirt is swinging a bat .
a girl is jumping into the water .
two horses in a rodeo .
a band plays for a crowd .
people listening to music .
a street performer plays the drums .
a man is performing a concert .
a group of people are listening to music .
a group of people are performing a concert .
people walking down a street .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is talking to another man .
three men looking in the distance .
two men riding a bull .
a man skateboarding .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man washing dishes in a kitchen .
a young man is sitting on a rock .
two people are talking .
a teenage boy in a blue shirt is standing outside .
a group of people are playing music .
a man playing the drums .
children on a boat in a boat .
a child plays in the sand .
three people walking .
a girl is throwing leaves .
a little girl is throwing something in the air .
a man is looking at something .
a man and woman standing in front of a theater .
a bull is being thrown by a bull .
a man wearing a helmet .
baseball players playing baseball .
a cowboy rides a bull in a rodeo .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a group of people on a baseball field .
baseball players playing baseball .
a group of people playing baseball .
a baseball player gets ready to hit the ball .
baseball player getting ready to hit a baseball .
a baseball player wearing white pants .
a baseball game in a game .
a man is pointing at a man .
a man selling goods .
a man is talking to another man .
a man is standing next to a produce stand .
a street vendor selling food .
a person jumping off the ground .
a construction worker is working on scaffolding .
a construction worker climbing scaffolding .
a worker climbing a rock wall .
a man is climbing up scaffolding .
a construction worker climbing scaffolding .
a person in a white shirt is holding something .
a man climbing up a roof .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is climbing a pole by a yellow house .
a man climbing a pole .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is working on an old house .
a worker is climbing scaffolding on a ladder .
a construction worker is working on scaffolding .
a person climbing a rock .
a young boy plays the drums .
man working on wood .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man on the beach .
a man surfing a wave in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man on a beach .
a girl in a pink shirt is holding a paper .
a group of people in a crowd .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a swing .
two men drinking beer .
a man in a blue shirt holding a gun .
a man is shooting a gun .
a man holding a rifle .
a person stands in front of a mountain .
a man shooting a gun gun .
two men are talking to each other .
people at sunset .
people surfing a wave .
two people sitting in front of plants .
a boy and girl posing for a picture .
two people standing outside a building .
two people standing next to each other .
people standing in front of a wall .
a woman is standing next to a flower stand .
people standing by a wall .
a young man and a woman are smiling .
two children are smiling and smiling .
a boy holding a stick .
a man is standing next to a bicycle .
a man is talking to a man in a blue shirt .
a girl is taking a picture .
a girl is making a funny face .
a little girl is making a funny face .
a young girl in a pink dress is laughing .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a child is laughing .
a girl smiles at the camera .
a young girl is making a funny face .
a child is making a face face .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man riding a bike .
a young woman is walking through a crowd .
three men working on scaffolding .
a man scuba diving with a large stick .
a baby is wearing a green outfit .
people are walking on the street at night .
a woman looking at something .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman walking .
a person walking down an alley .
a girl sliding down a hill .
a woman walking down the street .
a child rides a bicycle .
a young child on a hill .
a man is sitting in a chair .
two men working on a project .
people riding bikes on a road .
a woman looking at jewelry .
a man is standing outside .
a man is looking at the railroad tracks .
a woman carrying a sign .
people holding signs .
a group of people at night .
a group of people are protesting .
a group of young people are relaxing .
a window of a building .
a man sits in front of a window .
a woman jumping into the air .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a woman jumping in front of a blue sky .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a woman jumping with a mountain in the background .
a man standing in front of a building .
a girl is posing for a picture .
a woman in a purple shirt looks into the distance .
a homeless man speaks into a microphone .
a man holding a sign in his hands .
a man in a black shirt holding a cardboard sign .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a man with a backpack is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a boy swimming .
a little boy plays with a toy .
a boy playing in a pool .
a man on the street .
a group of police are riding bikes .
two men running in a race .
two men are running .
people running a marathon .
two men are running .
two guys running down the street .
a man is looking at something .
three men competing in a marathon .
two men running .
two men competing in a race .
two men are fishing on the beach .
two men are on the beach .
two men fishing on the beach .
people on a beach .
men fishing at the beach .
two girls playing outside .
a man is talking to another man .
a man standing at a podium .
two women walking down a street .
a man in a hat holds up two bottles of beer .
a young man is pointing into his mouth with his mouth open .
a man with glasses is holding a bottle of beer .
a man holding a bottle of beer .
a young man is holding two bottles of bottles .
two women are walking down the street .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man is looking at produce .
two men are performing a concert .
a man with paint paint .
a woman holding up a flag .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is shopping at an outdoor market .
many people are walking down the street .
a man looking into a shop .
people shopping at a market .
a woman is performing a handstand on the street .
a man is walking through a market .
a group of men dancing .
a man diving into a swimming pool .
a child is performing on the street .
a man dancing .
a man rides a bike in front of a fence .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man grilling meat .
a man is cooking food outdoors .
a man grilling meat .
a man grilling meat .
a woman taking a picture .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people at a fair .
a little girl pushes a baby stroller .
a little girl carries a doll .
a child plays with a toy .
a little boy playing with a toy .
a small child holding a baby stroller .
a band is performing .
a group of people looking at artwork .
a young girl is eating food .
two girls walking through a tunnel .
a small child in an ice cream cone .
two men playing guitars .
a woman drinking in a room .
a man painting a picture .
a man with glasses is sitting at a table .
a man is working on a roof .
two men are standing together .
a man watching a man in a blue shirt .
two girls , one wearing a black shirt and one wearing a black shirt and one in a pink dress .
a man performs a dance in a subway station .
a young man is dancing at a fair station .
a woman dancing .
a young man in a subway station waits for tourists .
a young man in a red shirt and black pants is listening to a subway station .
a baseball player is performing a trick .
a man performing a concert .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a man is dancing on a tile floor .
a man holding a gun .
a small child crawling around a table .
a small child is standing in front of a window .
two children are looking at a glass window .
a man is pointing .
a young child is laying on a patio .
a man giving a speech .
a runner is running .
a group of children are hanging out outside .
three boys are standing near a fence .
three boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a cowboy hat , are looking over a fence .
three boys are working on a project .
women posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a group of children are playing outside .
two men are playing guitars .
a person climbing a mountain .
two men playing a guitar .
two men are playing guitars .
two men playing guitars .
two men are performing with guitars .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
a man holding a microphone .
a man and a woman are listening to a man .
a man holding a microphone .
a man in a yellow shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man standing next to a sign .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a group of musicians perform on stage .
a band plays on stage .
a singer in a black shirt sings into a microphone .
two men walking towards the camera .
a man is walking towards a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
the lead singer is wearing a yellow shirt .
a man is performing a concert .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is on stage .
a performer performing a trick on stage .
a singer is performing on stage .
children playing outside .
a man cutting a large saw .
three children are standing in the desert .
a busy city street .
three boys play in a field .
a group of children are playing outside .
four children riding bikes on a dirt road .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children riding on a dirt bike .
a boy rides his bike on a dirt road .
a woman playing tennis on a tennis court .
a toddler is opening christmas presents .
a little boy is playing with his legs in front of christmas tree .
a boy plays with a toy .
a girl in a white shirt stands next to a monitor .
a girl is playing with a toy .
a man is holding a plate .
two men playing frisbee .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple sitting on a bus .
three people standing on a hill .
a man carries a bag .
three people standing in a field .
three people on a hill .
a man posing for a picture .
people walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt cutting something .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a boy is climbing up a wall .
two construction workers working on a project .
two construction workers working in a construction site .
two construction workers are doing construction .
two construction workers are working on scaffolding .
construction workers are working together .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
two horses racing .
two dogs running in the sand .
a man with a balloon painted balloon is walking on a crowded street with a lot of balloons on it .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs running on rocks .
two dogs running on the beach .
a black dog walks towards the camera .
two children are playing outside .
a young boy is picking flowers .
a little boy is sitting at a table .
a little girl is hugging a little girl on the road .
a group of children are playing outside .
a person is looking at fruit .
three greyhounds are running through the grass .
a man in a swimming pool .
two men are smoking a cigarette .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
a person in a white shirt is blowing bubbles .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a man in a swimming pool .
two young people sit on the beach next to a creek .
two people wearing sunglasses .
two women are eating .
two people eating .
two women are eating food .
two women wearing sunglasses are eating food .
people are eating .
two women are eating .
men standing outside of a restaurant .
a woman taking a picture .
a group of kids on skateboards .
a man looking at books .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring something into a book .
two men are talking to each other .
a man on the side of a building .
two people walking by a large building .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man riding a bicycle down the street .
a couple walking down the street carrying bags .
a man is holding a rope in a boat .
a person carrying a rope .
a worker is holding a line .
a person holding a rope .
a man holding onto a rope .
two people shopping for produce .
a woman is looking at something .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered together .
this is a busy street .
two people in front of an airport .
a busy street in the road .
a person in a red shirt is in the air .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man is climbing a dock with a rope in the background .
two children are walking down the street .
a little boy is smiling .
a man in a white shirt is eating a meal .
a group of friends taking pictures .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
three people are competing in a race .
a man is looking away .
a man looking at plants .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man is looking at plants .
a person is looking at plants .
a man is looking at plants .
a man is taking a photograph at a skate park .
a blond man is picking leaves .
a black dog jumping in the air .
a couple shopping at a market .
a dog jumps off a pier .
a little girl wearing a yellow t shirt is sitting on a beach with a green shovel in the sand .
a black lab is jumping in a pond .
a black dog jumps off a dock .
a group of people gathered around a table .
people hiking through the snow .
four men are sitting at a table .
people sitting in a library .
people are skiing down a mountain .
people walking down a street .
people walking in the snow .
a woman walking down the street .
four women competing in a race .
women running in a race .
a woman holding a baby .
an elderly woman sits in front of a window .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting in a window .
a woman in a building .
a woman sitting at a table .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are skydiving .
a flock of birds flying .
a man in a helmet rides a bike .
people are sitting on a train .
a flock of birds .
kids playing soccer .
a woman walking .
a man rides a bike past a crowd of people .
a group of people playing soccer .
a young man with a tray of food on his head is sitting next to a car .
a woman and a boy are smiling .
two teams playing soccer .
two people wearing glasses .
a man painting a picture .
a group of people in the air .
a woman with blond hair is holding a boy .
two elderly women sit on a couch .
a motocross rider takes a turn in the air .
a man jumping a bike .
a man and a woman watch a man in a blue shirt .
a person on a bicycle .
a group of people are standing in front of a building with a box and a box .
a woman holding a box .
a person riding a bicycle .
a girl is walking down the street .
a woman with sunglasses on .
a group of people on the street .
people are sitting at a table .
a man with glasses is reading a drink .
people are sitting around a table .
people are reading books .
a man painting a picture .
artist painting a picture .
a man holding something in his hand .
a person on a picture on a wedding day .
a woman with two children .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a cake .
a doctor is giving a lecture .
children sitting at a table .
a man playing tennis .
a tennis player runs towards the net .
four kids are playing on a stage .
a female tennis player trying to hit the ball .
a man is standing next to a woman .
a lady sitting on a bench .
children playing in the grass .
children playing soccer .
a group of people are working on computers .
a person sitting on a bench .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
boys playing soccer .
a person sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman sitting in a chair .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a lady walking down the street .
a man on a beach .
a person is standing outside a building .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man is standing outside .
a man standing in the street .
a man wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a large group of people are standing outside .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a man in a blue tank top is in a park .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is throwing a frisbee on a hill .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
a man is playing with a frisbee .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding on a ramp .
a skateboarder grinds a ramp .
a man in a costume is standing on the street .
three men are looking at something .
two men are standing in front of a cross .
a group of men standing in a canyon .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three men are looking at something .
three men are looking at a sign .
three men are standing in a canyon .
two men standing next to a cross .
three young boys are sitting on a cross bench talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking to a man on a cellphone while talking on the phone .
three men standing near a wooden cross .
four men are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a young boy in a bathing suit blows bubbles .
a person is flying through the air .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man is holding a rainbow .
a man is climbing up a bridge .
a man is standing in the street .
a boat spraying water .
a man is standing on the street .
a man playing volleyball .
swimmers are swimming .
two boys playing in a large pool .
two swimmers compete in the water .
two people jump off a rock .
a man relaxing on a bench .
a person paddles a wave .
a skier stands in the water .
a kayaker in a red life vest is holding a line of snow .
a skier is waiting for a race .
a person in a life jacket is holding something in the water .
a man waterskiing .
two girls are playing soccer .
a man preparing food outside .
people on a beach .
a man in a white apron is preparing food on a plate of food .
a chef is preparing a meal .
a chef prepares food on a board .
a chef is preparing food .
a parade parade .
a person in a yellow and yellow uniform is riding a bike .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a yellow shirt rides his bike .
two women talking to each other .
two girls pose for a picture .
a bmx bike rider is airborne .
three people are talking on cellphones .
three people talking on cellphones .
a young boy rides a bike on a bridge .
a skier in the snow .
a person riding a bicycle .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a mountain biker wearing a blue backpack .
a woman playing music in a park .
a woman is playing an electric guitar .
a young woman playing guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
two women are laughing .
a girl in a pink jacket is playing a guitar .
a woman playing music on a sidewalk .
a young girl playing the violin .
a person walking down the street .
a person is kicking the snow .
a woman in a red shirt is spraying water .
a person skiing in the snow .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing .
a person is on a lake .
a man swimming in a pool .
a bald man is smiling .
a man in a parade .
a man in a black shirt is doing a handstand .
a man in a plaid shirt with his arms crossed .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a man standing in a public place .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a group of men working together .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man plays a guitar while a woman plays the guitar .
a woman and a child are listening to music .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a woman in a blue shirt plays a guitar while a woman plays the guitar .
a little girl holds a doll in her hand .
a couple kissing .
two men are looking at something .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans , are talking .
a man is kissing a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a tuxedo .
a man kissing a man on the cheek .
two men kissing each other .
two men kissing each other .
two men in formal attire .
two men are kissing each other .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men talking to each other .
a man is kissing a man kissing .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is dancing .
a woman is applying mascara .
many people are walking down the street .
a group of people are using a basket .
two women working on a loom .
a group of people are standing on the street .
a man is performing on the street .
two women are sewing .
mountain climbers rest on a mountain .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
two men competing in a match .
the snow is covered in snow .
two dogs on a trail .
two people are standing outside .
people standing in the snow .
two people are looking at a trail .
two men are looking at something .
a man and a woman are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people running .
construction workers are working on railroad tracks .
girls running down the street .
a group of people are standing in front of a large building .
several people picking up trash .
a group of men are standing outside .
a group of teenagers are walking down a street .
two young boys cleaning trash .
several young men picking up trash .
a child is walking down the street .
a boy walking down a sidewalk with two boys .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
two boys carry trash bags on a sidewalk .
a boy carrying a bag and carrying a bag .
two boys are running down the street .
two boys are playing soccer .
two young boys are smiling .
people walking down a street .
three boys are standing outside .
two boys standing on a sidewalk holding a plastic bag .
a young man is walking down the street .
a person walking with a plastic bag .
a young man in a blue shirt is throwing a broom .
a young man picking up trash on the street .
a man carrying a trash bag on the street .
a couple enjoying a party .
a man is cooking .
a group of people in traditional garb .
a group of people are talking .
a young man in a black shirt is sitting on a curb .
a man in a black shirt is working .
people walking in the street .
a teenager is playing the guitar .
a man on a rock .
a man climbing a rock face .
an older man wearing a leather jacket is making pottery .
a man holding a card speaking to a woman holding a card .
a man is making pottery .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a cyclist is doing a trick in a race .
people riding bikes .
a person on a bicycle .
a person rides a bicycle down a street .
a cyclist is getting ready to go down the street on a street corner .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes down the street .
a man in a race .
a group of people riding bikes .
two people are talking .
two people dancing .
a group of people on a mat .
a woman in a white outfit is making a funny face .
a martial arts class .
a group of martial arts students are performing .
a man in a blue shirt is making a face .
a man reading a newspaper .
a woman in a blue and white bikini .
a couple dances in a classroom .
a man and a woman hold hands .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a mountain climber walks along the edge of a cliff .
a homeless man with a backpack .
a group of girls dancing in a dance area .
a group of women are performing outside .
people dancing .
a group of dancers dancing in a parade .
a football team is getting ready for a race .
a group of men are talking .
a sports team poses for a picture .
a man is talking with a man in a suit .
a group of people at a sporting event .
two men are preparing to fight .
two men are wrestling .
a woman in a red shirt is running .
a young girl is getting ready for a race .
two wrestlers fighting .
a man with a beard .
the brown dog is standing in the green grass .
a dog runs on the grass .
a group of adults are sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting on the beach .
a dog is playing on the beach .
a group of people sitting outside .
a man taking a picture .
a child playing soccer .
a girl rides a horse in front of a tree .
two boys playing in the water .
a boy swings a bat .
a young boy is playing with a bat .
a little boy swings a bat .
two women playing instruments .
two people wearing colorful costumes .
two women are playing the drums .
a woman on a swing .
two girls wearing costumes .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a young girl wearing a blue dress is running on a dirt path .
a girl running on the grass .
a young girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a girl running through the grass .
a young lady is running down the street .
a girl running .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl wearing a blue tank top .
a man works on a machine .
a man selling goods on the sidewalk .
a man stands in front of an atm .
a boy is using a computer .
a man in a white shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people riding a sled .
a group of men are working on a drag car .
two men are working on the ground .
a group of people on a snowy street .
two men are working on a vehicle .
a group of men drinking beer .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a group of men sitting around a table .
people are having drinks at a bar .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young man in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue shirt watch at the beach .
cheerleaders are cheering .
cheerleaders compete in the air .
a man is playing with two children .
a woman in a costume .
a man is throwing a ball into the air .
a man jumping off the ground .
a person crosses the street .
a child on a swing .
a mechanic working on a train .
a girl in a yellow dress is playing with a jump .
a girl in a yellow dress is jumping rope .
a man is walking down the street .
a girl jumps over a rope .
a woman walking down the street .
two men are talking to each other .
a young man in a blue shirt is pointing at the camera .
a man on a cellphone .
a woman throwing a trash bag in front of a car .
a man is looking at something .
a man is holding a cellphone .
two little boys play in the sand in the sand .
a boy holding a shovel .
a child is holding a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is running in the sand .
a little boy is holding a shovel in the sand .
a boy playing in the sand .
a boy is playing on a swing .
a little boy is playing with a plastic shovel .
a boy plays with a toy .
a boy is playing with a shovel .
a little boy is pulling a toy .
a woman is walking down the street .
a boy is playing with a shovel .
a man talking to two women .
a group of monks are walking down the street .
four people walking down the street .
a group of people walking down a road .
a couple walking along a street .
four people walking down the street .
a group of people dressed in black .
four men dressed in orange .
four men walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is raising his hands in his hand .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is taking a picture .
a child is running through a park in the middle of a city street .
people climb a rock .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman working on a project .
a woman is doing a handstand .
a girl plays with bubbles .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
two people are watching tv .
two young men are playing chess in a kitchen .
two young men playing basketball in a gymnasium .
two men working together .
a group of people are gathered around a booth .
a man is pouring beer .
a group of men are watching tv .
a group of people are having drinks .
two men are standing next to an ice sculpture .
a group of kids are rollerskating .
a group of fishermen in a swimming pool .
a group of people working on a building .
a group of people working on a house .
two men kayaking down a river .
people in a kayak .
two surfers racing down a rapids .
two people kayaking down a river .
a man and a woman in a kayak .
two people are kayaking near a wall .
a man kayaking .
a woman reading a book .
a man looking into a microscope .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a woman is sitting on a stage .
a man in a lab coat looking at something .
a woman is holding a book in her hands .
a child in a red shirt is playing in the street .
a man is walking under a tree .
a little girl in a pink dress is sticking her tongue out .
a little girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a person climbing a rock .
a man is sitting in a room .
a man works on a pottery wheel .
a man working at a table at a table .
an old man working on a piece of paper .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a blue basket .
a man is sewing a sewing machine .
a man is sitting at a table .
men standing outside a building .
five men in uniform in uniform .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are walking .
a group of people are working together .
people are gathered in front of a building .
a girl in a brown shirt pushing a baby .
a small group of birds .
a person jumping off a rock .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man is watching a young girl .
a child in a field .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a young child is making a face face at the camera .
a man rides a horse while a crowd watches .
a bearded man is blowing on a wooden object .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman is looking at a man 's hair .
a man is singing at a festival .
a woman is in a salon .
two musicians are playing instruments .
a man is watching a group of people .
a teenager is sitting on a stool .
a man sitting on a skateboard .
a teenager is sitting on a skateboard .
a teenager sitting on a skateboard .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
people are eating .
a woman in a black dress picking up trash .
a skateboarder is sitting on a skateboard .
two men are sitting on a skateboard .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a hat is skateboarding .
a man is sitting on a skateboard .
a man swimming in a pool .
two little girls in white dresses are standing in front of a plant .
a skier is looking at something .
people skiing down a mountain .
a man jumps out of a plane .
skiers stand by a snowy hill .
a woman is reading a book .
a little girl plays with bubbles .
two men are looking at the camera .
a football player tries to tackle another player .
football players playing football .
a hockey goalie prepares to block the puck .
a hiker walking down the street .
football players playing football .
a hiker is walking up a snowy mountain .
a football player tries to tackle the player .
two football players play football .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is standing on a curb next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man sitting on a mountain .
a man on a mountain .
two teams of opposing teams are playing soccer .
a woman is crossing the street .
people walking down a street .
people walking by a street vendor .
people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a street vendor is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at food .
a dog runs through the grass .
three people are playing in a lake .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people are standing in a body of water .
a group of people are gathered together .
a person running down the street .
a runner is running .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a man running .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a young boy .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young woman is showing a gift .
a woman in a blue shirt is showing a young woman .
a parade in a parade .
a group of people are walking down a street with shopping bags .
two women are walking down the street .
two men painting a wall .
two boys pose for a picture .
a person walking down the street .
a child is carrying food .
a hockey goalie shooting the puck .
a woman looking at a map .
a woman looking at something .
a person is holding food .
a woman looking at a sign .
a boy in a gray shirt is looking at something .
a person poses for a picture .
two boys in blue shirts playing basketball .
two women are having a conversation .
a baseball player catching a ball .
two men throwing a ball .
a man is playing soccer .
two men are playing baseball .
two baseball players playing soccer .
a man in a black jacket is throwing a baseball .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
a baseball player tries to catch a ball .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a person is throwing a frisbee in front of a crowd .
a man working on a patient .
a scientist in a hospital .
a doctor working on a patient .
a medical staff is looking at a patient .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man wearing a helmet .
a group of people in red bathing suits .
two women are competing in a swimming pool .
four women are swimming in a pool .
two women are swimming in the water .
two women are swimming in the water .
a person riding a bike .
four people in a competition .
a female swimmer is getting ready to hit the ball .
a group of people are eating .
customers are walking down the street .
a street vendor selling fruit .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman with a black top and a black top is standing next to a fruit stand .
two women standing next to a fruit stand .
a woman wearing a brown coat .
two women standing next to a fruit stand .
two women stand at a fruit stand .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a group of people in a van .
people in a van .
three girls playing in the sand .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of children playing in the sand .
three children playing in the sand .
a group of children are playing outside .
children playing in the sand .
children playing in the sand .
two girls playing in the grass .
three children are playing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people at a meeting .
a black and white dog is running .
a man rides a bike .
a man hiking down a mountain .
people on a road .
a boy rides a bike .
a group of people are protesting .
a child is playing in the snow .
two dogs jumping in the air .
two women walking under an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a torch .
a man is leaning against a wall with a tennis racket .
an old man is reading a newspaper .
a middle aged man is reading a book .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a hammer .
a man working at a construction site .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is walking towards a car .
a man walking towards the camera .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing in a parking lot .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a vehicle .
people walking in the woods .
a family is standing outside .
a family is sitting on a rock .
a group of people are outside .
two women in a park in a park .
a woman is posing for a picture with her camera .
a group of people walking down the street .
a boy walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a little boy stands in a bathtub .
a boy is sitting on the ground .
a little girl sits next to a fireplace .
a boy holding a toy .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is holding a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
people are walking up the escalator .
people are standing outside .
people on an escalator .
a boy in a stroller .
a man and a woman are standing next to a stone structure .
two children standing on the ground .
a group of people are gathered together .
two young girls dancing on a sand dune .
an older man rides a bicycle .
a person walking through a large city .
a group of people are walking along a street .
a woman walking by a building .
a man walking down the street .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a bicyclist wearing a red helmet .
a woman is riding her bike .
a woman rides her bike .
a woman is riding her bike .
a woman is doing a back flip .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman with two dogs .
a woman playing with two dogs .
a man sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is holding a bottle of water .
two men walking down a street .
a man is playing tug of war .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man riding a horse .
a young child is helping a young boy .
a man holding a dog .
a man riding a horse in a competition .
a man in a red suit .
a man riding a horse .
a man in a red shirt riding a horse .
a woman standing on rocks .
a woman is taking a picture in the water .
a woman kneeling in a stream .
a woman is walking under water .
a woman in a swimming pool .
a man on a dirt bike .
people sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a blue shirt is trying to hit a carnival ride .
a child is looking at a set of stuffed animals .
a person walking down the street .
a little girl wearing a black shirt .
people are walking down a street .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a person hiking through the woods .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing on top of a large sand dune .
a person walking down the street .
a man is laughing .
two men are playing a game .
a man in a black shirt is cooking .
a man working on a ladder .
a dirt biker is racing on a track .
a dirt bike racer is racing .
a dirt bike flies through the air .
a dirt bike racer is racing on a course .
a person on a bike .
a woman and a woman sitting in the park .
a group of people having a good time .
a group of men standing on a stairway .
two climbers rock climbing .
two people are climbing a rock face .
two people rock climbing .
people rock climbing .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground next to a metal net .
a man playing with water .
a man is cleaning something .
a man is swimming in a water fountain .
a man drinking water .
a man in a white coat stands next to a firetruck .
two men drinking beer .
a man skateboarding .
a woman in a red shirt is painting a wall .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a swimming pool .
a person is swimming in the water .
a scuba diver diving into the sea .
a dirt bike racer is racing .
people relaxing in the sun .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men are playing guitars .
people riding bikes down a street .
a group of men riding bikes .
a group of cyclists are racing .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man rides a bike on a dirt road .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man working on a ladder .
people watching an event .
two teams are playing hockey .
three people holding hands .
three women wearing dresses .
three women in formal attire .
three women in brightly colored clothing .
a group of women dressed in costumes .
a group of women in bright orange outfits are dancing .
three women holding hands .
a hockey player wearing a red jersey is attempting to block the puck .
a man playing hockey .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
two hockey players playing hockey .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of young boys are playing softball .
a person skiing .
a man skis downhill .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
two men are working on a computer .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog plays with a toy in the grass .
a girl on a beach .
a puppy running in the grass .
two dogs fighting .
a dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
three people are playing soccer .
a little boy is drinking a drink .
two men are standing in a waterfall .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman are fishing .
a painting of a painting .
a black and white dog stands next to a dog .
people playing instruments .
two asian women are dressed in traditional costumes .
three people are playing instruments .
people on a boat .
a little girl is taking a picture .
a man in a swimming pool .
three teenagers are playing instruments .
three people talking to each other .
a crowd of people on a street .
two men are looking at a computer screen in front of a computer screen .
a policeman walks down the street .
people eating in a restaurant .
a police officer in a police uniform .
a policeman is reading a newspaper on a city street .
a police officer walking down the street .
a group of people are taking a drink .
a child on a playground equipment .
two people walking down the street .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a yellow car is pulling a yellow car .
two children wearing blue shirts and blue shorts .
two little boys play outside .
two boys playing a game .
a group of boys playing soccer .
two boys wearing orange and black .
four children playing soccer .
five boys playing soccer .
a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle .
a man is washing the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt standing next to a brick wall .
a grocery store in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt is working on a ladder .
a man is leaning against a wall .
a man catching a bull in a bull ring .
a group of people dancing outside .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is standing in the snow .
a child in the snow .
a boy in a green shirt is looking through a telescope .
a man is trying to lasso a cow .
a person sitting on a rock .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
two girls are playing soccer .
two girls playing basketball .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a man wearing a black jacket .
a man is juggling on a street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is juggling juggling .
a man in a suit is juggling a black jacket in a street .
a toddler brushing her teeth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog is running .
a man waving a sign .
a man holding a sign .
a young girl is sitting on a couch .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a man taking a picture of a fruit .
a man in a white shirt is working on a piece of fruit .
a man is using a fruit .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a large fruit .
three people standing in front of a door .
a couple kissing .
a man poses for a picture .
a woman is jumping on the beach .
a man in a black jacket is vaulting at the beach .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a group of women are swimming in a pool .
a woman looking at a map .
a group of swimmers are competing in a competition .
a group of people are gathered at an outdoor event .
people swimming .
swimmers swimming in a swimming pool .
a band performs for an audience .
a dog runs towards the camera .
a man and a woman in a blue coat are posing for a picture .
a dog runs over the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog licking its tongue .
a dog runs through the grass .
two young girls are listening to music .
two people are standing outside .
two people stand outside a shop .
people are standing in front of a wine shop .
two people standing outside .
two women are standing next to a store .
a boat in the water .
two people are standing outside .
three people are talking .
a girl splashing in the water .
a father and his son ride a bike .
two people riding bikes down the street .
a father and his son having fun .
two people riding bikes on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are talking to a camera .
a group of people celebrating a game .
a woman is walking down the street .
two young women are playing a game of basketball .
a woman is leaning on a wall .
a woman is leaning against a doorway holding a pink purse .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman is holding a pink bag .
a woman is reading a book .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man is working on a train .
a woman wearing sunglasses is sitting in a brown chair .
a woman is laying on a sidewalk .
people sitting on a chair .
a construction worker stands on a ladder .
a group of young boys in a marketplace .
a man is standing in the water .
a man sleeping on a bench .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
a young child is smiling in a crowded market .
a young boy in a market .
a boy is posing for a picture with a young boy .
a young boy in a green shirt is standing in a field .
children watching a train train .
two soccer players are competing .
three men playing soccer .
a boy in a blue uniform kicks a soccer ball .
two men are playing tennis .
a man on a diving board .
two dogs running in the grass .
this is a busy street .
a woman is walking down the street .
two people talking at a restaurant .
a child rides a bike .
a woman is looking at something in the air .
a woman on a bicycle .
a person sitting on a bench .
a brown dog runs across the yard .
a group of people are looking at something .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and woman dancing together .
a woman sitting on a bench .
three men working on a large piece of metal .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a ball .
a man is pulling a tree .
a man is taking a picture .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a baby is taking a bath .
a group of people are standing in front of a camel .
a nurse feeding a newborn baby .
a young girl is holding a baby .
two young women sit at a table at a table .
a group of people sit at a train station .
a girl is jumping into the air .
a little boy is holding hands .
a child stands on a bridge .
a man leaning against a building .
a man sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the water .
people are standing outside .
a boy lays in the grass .
a boy laying in the grass .
a boy lays in the grass .
a boy on the grass .
a man is standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
a man riding a horse through dirt .
a man taking a break .
a group of people hiking across a rocky trail .
a young boy is playing in a room .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a child in a blue shirt playing baseball .
four hikers are walking down a hillside .
two hockey players on the ice .
a girl prepares to throw a ball .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a woman is throwing a ball .
a woman throwing a soccer ball .
people playing soccer .
a woman throwing a ball .
a group of people at an airport .
a young woman stands in front of a group of people .
a young man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is listening to music .
a woman is playing the violin .
a young woman listening to music .
four men are riding on a dirt road .
a young boy jumping off of a lake .
three dogs running through the snow .
a man in a subway .
a man is standing in the water .
a train at night .
people waiting in the subway .
a man waits on a subway platform .
a group of people in a subway station .
two dogs pulling a man on a sled .
a group of doctors are taking a break .
a doctor cuts a cake .
a doctor is getting married .
a man in a white shirt is working .
two children are sitting on a computer .
a teacher in a classroom .
two young boys are sitting on a computer .
a man is sitting next to a fruit stand .
a man with a red shirt is standing next to a fruit stand .
customers stand in front of a fruit stand .
a man is standing in front of fruit .
a man is sitting at a fruit stand .
a man is standing next to a fruit stand .
two women competing in the olympics .
two women competing in a match .
a man holding a guitar .
a group of people listening to a speaker .
a man playing the accordion .
an elderly woman is holding something .
a girl in a pink dress smiles .
a street performer playing the guitar .
a woman and a girl are playing with toys .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a child on a skateboard .
a woman playing tennis .
two women are laughing .
a team of soccer players are playing football .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
an older man walking down the street .
a person holding an umbrella .
a group of people listening to a speech .
people looking at something .
a woman holding a umbrella .
three men are looking at something .
three men are standing around a table .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a shopping .
a man in a red jacket is riding a bike .
a woman is pushing a stroller .
three children playing on a swing set .
a mother and her child in a stroller .
a young woman holds a young boy .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two women sit on a bench .
people walking down the street .
two people sit at a bus stop .
a man wearing a black shirt and glasses .
people walking down the street .
a man with glasses is sleeping with a drink in his hands .
a person is looking at something .
a man with a hat on his head .
a man in a blue shirt holding a drink .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people watching a rodeo .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a small child plays with a swing .
a child in a park at a park .
a man riding a bull .
a man carries a bag .
a person is standing outside .
a man sitting at a cafe .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of men are standing together .
two men are looking at the camera .
a man is holding a trophy .
a girl is sitting on the sidewalk .
people standing on a sidewalk .
a woman sitting on a sidewalk .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a little girl in a white shirt is laughing .
a girl wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk .
a girl in a white shirt is laughing .
a girl is sitting on a bench .
friends having fun .
a mother and her child are sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a sidewalk .
a crowd gathers at an event .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people standing near a sign .
a man is standing in a crowd .
a woman is cheering .
two men working on a roof .
two men stand in front of a sign .
two men are putting up a sign .
two men are cutting a piece of war .
two men working on a sign .
two men are talking to two men .
two men are operating a statue .
two men in a tree .
two men walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking by a wooden fence .
two men are holding red bags .
a woman in a pink dress stands in a park .
a man with a blue hat and a blue hat is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on the ground looking at something on the ground .
two people walking down the street .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a man is leaning against a building .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a large group of people .
a man in a suit is performing a concert .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
a crowd of people watching a man in a suit .
two people are standing outside .
a man cutting a piece of wood .
two people walking down the street .
a group of people at night .
two people in a field .
a man preparing food .
a person driving a motorcycle .
a worker working on a machine .
a man operating a fire .
a man working on a machine .
a construction worker working at a construction site .
four people are sitting at a table .
a woman wearing a black and white dress .
a street vendor selling fruit .
a woman buying produce at a farmers market .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person walking up a hill .
two people are reading a paper .
two women are talking to a group of people .
a woman holds a piece of paper while another woman holds a paper .
a woman is writing .
a woman reading a book .
two women talking to each other .
a bike rider in the air .
a bicyclist rides on a green bike .
a person riding a bicycle .
a man riding a bike .
a woman holding a young girl .
an elderly man is sitting at a cafe .
four people are standing in front of a wall in front of a wall .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are waiting to cross the street .
people waiting to cross the street .
a group of people standing in front of a road .
a man in a white shirt is crying .
a woman in a red shirt making a funny face .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a yellow shirt is sitting in a yellow chair .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a yellow shirt is sitting at a table .
a man sitting at a cafe .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a dog retrieving a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog swims in the water .
a man dressed in winter gear is walking through the snow .
a man fishes at a dock .
people walking past graffiti covered wall .
people walking down the street .
two women walk past two women .
people are walking along a sidewalk .
people are walking around a pole .
a group of people are playing in the park .
a girl wearing a black dress .
a person diving into a pool .
a woman sewing a sewing machine .
a young woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
children playing soccer .
people walking down a street .
two men are standing in a river .
people are standing near a pond .
a group of people fishing .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a woman diving into a pool .
a man rides a bike .
a female gymnast jumps over a hurdle .
a gymnast does a handstand on a balance beam .
a gymnast balances on a balance beam .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a gymnast does a handstand in the air .
a group of young children walk towards the camera .
a man working on a fire .
a boy sitting in a car .
two men are playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
a group of people competing in a game .
men playing soccer .
a man in an apron is cooking .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing in a classroom .
people walking into a gate .
people walking down the street .
two women walk towards a christmas tree .
two men are standing outside .
a man wearing a hat is cooking .
a man is eating a sandwich .
a young man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man is pouring wine on his newspaper .
a man is sitting in front of a shop .
a street vendor is sitting on a bench .
people walking down the street .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog is holding a red toy .
a dog in the snow .
a dog with a frisbee in its mouth .
a dog catches a frisbee .
two boys are standing next to a wall .
two young boys are standing in front of a basketball court .
two boys pose for the camera .
young boys smiling .
two boys are playing outside .
two children are posing for a picture .
two boys smile for the camera .
two children in a house .
a woman standing next to a table .
two people are working on computers .
two people are standing next to a car .
a group of people riding down a river .
construction workers at a construction site .
a man is standing next to a black car .
five basketball players playing basketball .
a woman is swimming .
a band performs in a band .
a group of people wearing orange vests .
a man stands in the grass .
a person is holding something .
a woman in a gray dress is looking out the window .
a woman looking through a window .
a woman is looking at something .
two women sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man is preparing food .
a man is sitting on a red motorcycle .
two people are eating food .
a woman standing next to traffic .
a woman in a black shirt is standing next to a car .
a woman standing in front of a store .
two people are talking .
two men are talking to each other .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a cake .
a man is hiking in the snow .
two girls are in a village .
three people sitting in a grassy field .
three women sitting on a bench .
a girl jumping into the air .
people dancing on stage .
a man doing a skateboard trick on a park bench .
a group of young people posing for a picture .
people playing in the water .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is sitting down .
a soldier is watching a fire .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting with a gun .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a building with graffiti on it .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a girl is walking by a mural .
children on a cement structure .
a person poses in front of a mural .
a young woman is holding a black umbrella .
a group of children are playing outside .
two football players running towards the ball .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a group of men playing soccer .
two soccer players trying to catch the ball .
two football players run towards the ball .
a boy walking down the street .
a boy and a girl walk down a road holding an umbrella .
people walking down the street .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a soccer player wearing a red uniform .
a person climbing a mountain .
a mountain climber climbs down a snowy mountain .
a man in a white shirt is walking with a white ball .
a man with long hair wearing a black shirt and blue jeans .
two children are smiling .
a young boy getting his haircut .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
a group of asian girls dressed in colorful costumes are dancing in a parade .
people walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt stands in front of trees .
a boy stands next to a tree .
a man is sitting next to a cat .
a boy stands near water .
a boy stands next to a body of water .
a man wearing glasses is playing an instrument .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man playing an accordion .
a man and a woman are sitting on the ground .
a woman speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are opening a mixer .
a man is drinking beer .
a man is playing a drum .
a woman hula hoops .
a woman dancing in front of a crowd .
a group of people on stage .
a young woman running in the grass .
two men running in a race .
two men are walking down the street .
two men running in a race .
soldiers standing outside a building .
two men running in a parking lot .
two people are dancing under lights .
an old man with a black coat and a hat is carrying a bag of garbage and carrying a bag .
a dog jumps over a fallen tree .
a dog runs through the woods .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a brown dog is jumping over a hurdle .
the children are playing in the water .
a group of people are cheering .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of men playing football on a field .
a group of teenagers riding skateboards .
two children doing tricks on a skateboard .
two guys are skateboarding .
two boys skateboarding at a park .
a race car in the water .
two toddlers eating .
a football player catching a ball .
men standing near a truck .
a little girl splashing in the water .
a football player tries to tackle a football player .
a man working on a machine .
two men working on a project .
a man in a military uniform .
soldiers marching in a parade .
people are sitting around a table .
a group of adults are sitting at a table .
a woman drawing a portrait .
soldiers marching in front of an elephant .
a woman wearing a hat .
a woman is holding her hand .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are kissing .
two men are standing next to a wood structure .
a woman is carrying a container on her head .
a man holding a baby .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown dog is running through the water .
a black and white dog runs through a field .
a brown dog swims with a ball in its mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a woman is holding a fruit .
a man and a woman are laughing .
three people are performing on stage .
girls swimming in a pool .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a woman getting ready to take a photo in front of a mirror .
two women wearing colorful dresses .
a group of people are standing together .
two women posing for a picture .
two girls pose for a picture .
a group of people wearing costumes .
two women pose for a picture .
two women in front of a camera .
two young women pose for the camera .
a flock of birds flying through the sky .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are paddling down a river .
a man kayaking in a river .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two puppies are playing tug of war with a toy in its mouth .
people on a bridge .
a man sleeping in a wheelchair .
a man is standing on a platform .
a group of people are walking on the side of the road .
people walking by a railroad track .
people are walking along side a railroad track .
people walking down the street .
people walking by railroad tracks .
a group of men in white and white dresses .
people are standing on railroad tracks .
women playing hockey .
several women competing in a competition .
two men are working on scaffolding .
two women are running on a track in a race .
a scuba diver scuba diving underwater .
construction workers wearing hard hats are working on the roof of a building .
two men in hard hats and hard hats are standing in a construction site .
people are standing in a crowd .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
two men are working on the side of a wall .
a group of people in uniform .
two men wearing hard hats and hard hats .
two people working on a project .
people working on a wall .
a band performs on stage .
two people are working at work .
a woman in a bikini .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in a blue shirt skateboarding .
a teenage boy rides a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a waitress is sweeping the street .
a woman working at a restaurant .
a woman working at a restaurant .
an elderly woman working in a restaurant .
two men drinking beer .
an elderly woman wearing a white shirt is making a cheese .
two men posing for a picture .
a group of people are outside .
two men pose for the camera .
two people on the beach .
people on a beach .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people in costume .
two men in a boat .
two dancers dressed in colorful costumes .
a group of dancers are walking down the street .
a group of dancers wearing costumes .
two dancers posing for a picture .
a girl riding a horse on a horse .
a girl playing with a horse .
a woman riding a horse .
a girl riding a horse .
a young woman riding a horse .
a girl riding a horse .
a basketball player in a blue uniform is about to block the ball .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a child riding a horse .
a woman stands near a body of water .
two people dancing .
a group of children playing soccer .
people are eating food .
a man in a white shirt is waving .
a surfer rides a wave .
a woman on a beach .
a person rides a boat across a lake .
a man on a sunny day .
a kayaker drives a boat .
a man drives a boat .
two people jumping in the air .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman on a cellphone .
an elderly woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man holding a little girl .
a woman holding something .
two people are playing a game .
a child is playing with a baby .
a man and a woman are playing a game .
a young boy and a young boy are laughing .
a child plays with a dog .
two young children are petting each other .
two young girls are sitting at a table .
two children are sitting on the floor and one is playing on the floor .
kids playing soccer .
a band performs on stage .
a girl wearing a black and white dress .
two swimmers diving into the water .
three children are sitting on a bench .
a dog running in the yard .
two children are playing in the grass .
a boy on a train .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is holding his daughter .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
two boys swimming in a pool .
a group of swimmers swimming in a pool .
people swimming in a swimming pool .
people swimming in a pool .
a group of people are swimming .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
a man is rollerblading .
two men are playing soccer .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man holding a water bottle .
a man in a blue and white uniform is playing a game .
people at an underground train station .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a young boy is playing with his daughter .
a group of people are holding balloons .
a child with his son .
a man is playing with a boy .
a man holding a baby .
two women dancing .
people are sitting on a street corner .
a basketball game .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man playing basketball on a basketball court .
a basketball player takes a jump shot .
two basketball players play basketball .
basketball player trying to block the basketball .
two people are sitting at a table .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a person laying on a sleeping baby 's face .
a guy in a blue shirt is jumping in midair .
a man taking a picture .
two girls playing in a park .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
two women playing soccer .
a woman swinging a tennis racket .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
men working on a metal structure .
a woman on a tennis court .
two people are climbing a rock wall while others look on .
a football player is running .
a football game with a football in the background .
a crowd watching a football game .
a skateboarder on a concrete block .
a child climbs a wall while others watch .
a group of kids playing soccer .
children climbing a rock wall .
two children are climbing a wall while others watch .
two children climbing a wall .
a young man rides a skateboard .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of people are lying down .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person in a wetsuit rides a wave on a surfboard .
a surfer is surfing on a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a boy is standing in front of plants .
a boy is looking over a balcony .
a child is looking at the sky .
a man in a race .
a group of men wearing hard hats and hard hats .
two men are walking down the street .
two wrestlers on a boat .
two men standing behind a gun .
a group of people are waiting for a walk .
a group of people are looking at each other .
people are waiting at a bus stop .
a child on a swing .
people are looking at the train .
a large group of construction workers are working under construction equipment .
two construction workers are working on a crane .
people are operating a crane .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off a rock .
two men are working on a project .
a person jumping in the air .
a band performs at a concert .
three men are working on a stone structure .
police officers on the street .
two men are playing basketball .
a man is wearing a blue sweatshirt .
three people are having a conversation .
two police officers talking to each other .
a police officer stands next to a police officer .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a computer .
an old man with a hat is sitting in a restaurant .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a gray shirt is relaxing at a table .
an old man is sitting at a table .
an elderly man is sitting at a table .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting in front of a computer .
an older man is sitting at a table with a glass .
a dog runs through a field with a ball in its mouth .
two dogs running .
two men wearing helmets .
a boy swimming .
a child in a swimming pool .
a group of people on a street .
a child swimming underwater .
a swimmer swimming .
a group of people are playing instruments .
two women wearing black .
two women playing music .
a band dressed in black and black singing .
a group of women playing instruments on stage .
a group of students playing a game .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
a band is performing .
three women playing music outside .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of women standing outside a building .
a group of musicians playing music outside .
a group of women playing music outside .
a band plays on stage .
a brown dog is playing with a brown dog .
a black man holding a sign .
a crowd of people standing in front of a theater .
two dogs play in the grass .
a child is smiling .
a child climbing a rock .
a child wearing a helmet .
a young child climbing a rock wall .
a person climbing a rock .
a young boy is doing a flip .
a woman preparing food in a kitchen .
an elderly woman is cooking outdoors .
a woman preparing food in a kitchen .
a boy with a mohawk .
a child is holding an electronic device .
a woman preparing food .
a group of young children are posing for a picture .
three children pose for a picture .
two children are playing in the grass .
children play in a field .
a group of children are playing outside .
two people walk down the street .
two dogs are sitting on a bench .
a brown dog is laying on the ground .
a white dog sits on a rocky lawn .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people sitting on a small wheel wheel .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people standing next to a swing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people standing next to a flower swing .
a group of people are gathered around a wooden swing .
two people in a crowd .
a puppy is wearing a red collar .
a man is working on a stage .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown dog is chewing on a stick .
people standing in front of a tent .
a white dog stands in the water .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a group of people in a city .
two boys climbing a rock .
a river in a river .
two children are playing in the grass .
two hockey players are fighting .
three children are standing outside .
people are walking down a street .
two people walk across the street with a yellow bus in the background .
two people are standing outside .
three men are playing soccer .
football players playing football .
football players playing football .
football players playing football .
a football game .
a football game with a football .
a football player tries to tackle the player on the opposing team .
two men are walking down the street .
football players playing football .
a young boy in a karate uniform .
a child is practicing karate .
a young boy is practicing martial arts .
two men walking down the street .
a group of people are riding in an art gallery .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman in a gray shirt is holding a black bag .
a woman in a gray jacket stands next to a woman in a gray jacket .
people are on a balcony .
two dancers perform on stage .
a tennis player runs towards the ball .
two ballet dancers are dancing .
a dancer performing a routine .
a dancer in a white dress is dancing .
a female gymnast is performing a routine .
two female dancers performing on stage .
dancers performing on stage .
two dancers dancing .
several people are walking down a sidewalk .
a woman sitting on the ground .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting next to a mountain .
a woman painting .
a woman is taking a break on the sidewalk .
a woman looking at the camera .
a girl sits on a field .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through a grassy field .
a dog in the snow .
a dog jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two children dressed in winter coats .
two women are playing on the beach .
a person in a white shirt is doing a handstand .
a woman standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a woman in a black shirt holding a microphone .
a woman singing on stage .
two children are standing outside of a hut .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
a woman is sitting at a spinning wheel .
a woman with a red apron works on a wheel .
a woman is spinning on a spinning wheel wheel .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
an elderly woman is practicing gymnastics .
a woman in a white apron is working on a spinning wheel wheel .
a woman works on a sewing machine .
a woman is spinning a spinning wheel wheel .
two boys are standing next to each other .
a crowd gathers in front of a crowd .
a crowd of people at a station .
a group of people are outside .
two men in hard hats are shoveling snow .
people walking down the street .
two boys talking to each other .
a group of children are playing outside .
two boys are playing soccer .
two boys on a trampoline .
two people running .
two men are throwing something on the ground .
two men playing basketball .
two men playing soccer .
two men playing soccer .
football players are running on a football field .
a group of football players on the field .
a baseball player is running on the field .
a baseball team playing baseball .
a soccer team is wearing blue and white uniforms .
a group of people are walking across a field .
a team of soccer players in uniforms playing football .
a football team stands on the field .
a team of soccer players running towards the ball .
a child rides a unicycle .
a boy and a woman are walking on a sandy path .
a group of people walking on a path near a river .
a woman and a child are outside .
people walking down a street .
children playing in a pool .
a woman and a child on a unicycle .
a band plays the drums .
three people are playing in a pool .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a boy plays the drums .
a band is playing music .
a woman playing volleyball .
four people are playing instruments .
a band plays for an audience .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a band performs in front of a crowd .
kids playing on a swing .
two men are playing a board game .
a man holding a torch .
a man is jumping in front of a crowd .
two guys are at the beach .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
two boys in swim trunks play on the beach .
a man walking down the street .
a group of men are standing outside .
a runner in a race .
a group of men playing football .
a young boy is blowing bubbles .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs walking in the snow .
the dog is running in the water .
a dog runs along a river .
a woman in a green bathing suit fishing in the water .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a hiker on a mountain climbing a mountain .
a hiker is looking through a telescope .
a person walking down the street .
a hiker walks through the snow .
a person is hiking through a snowy mountain .
a person looking through a telescope .
a person walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a race car drives down the street .
a race car is driving .
two race cars are racing .
a crowd of people waiting for a race .
a group of people are gathered at a racetrack .
a group of children posing for a picture .
a blond woman is sitting on a sofa in front of a white wall .
a young girl in a pink shirt is giving a presentation .
people walking down the street in front of buildings .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a guy jumping off a rail .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a woman wearing a mask .
two girls are playing on a beach .
two women hugging each other .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on her face .
two young girls practicing karate .
a woman in a blue shirt is bowling .
a group of friends are jumping .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a group of young adults are playing in the woods .
a group of people playing a game .
a rollerblader grinding a rail .
people are jumping over a river .
adults dressed in costumes .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to throw something .
a man is waiting to cross the street .
a woman is holding a tattoo .
a woman with a tattoo .
a woman is giving a tattoo .
a man is giving a tattoo .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone and holding a microphone .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a group of people dressed in costumes .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a girl is holding a drink .
a group of children at a pool .
a group of people are standing on the edge of a building .
people gather outside .
three women in costumes walk around a mall .
five men are standing outside .
three men are singing .
a man is standing in front of a red wall .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people gathered around an event .
a little boy is smiling .
a child is holding a frisbee .
a young boy holding a chicken .
a boy holding a small animal .
a group of people riding bikes on bicycles .
a person riding a bike .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a person riding a bike .
a group of students taking a break .
a man and a dog are walking down the street .
a woman walking up a path .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a chair in a chair .
a man is painting a wall with graffiti on it .
a man is sitting on a wall .
a man is sitting in front of a wall .
a person with a black jacket and a black jacket .
a man is sitting in front of a store .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man in a plaid shirt is singing .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt and a cowboy hat is singing on a cellphone .
a man performing a trick .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt smiles .
a man in a purple tie is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a blue shirt and tie .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a small dog in a lake .
a man working in a machine .
a man with gloves and gloves is holding a box .
a man working on a machine .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a man is operating a jackhammer .
a woman is sitting on a mat .
a young boy in a straw hat is laughing .
a boy is taking a drink .
two construction workers wearing safety vests work .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walks down the sidewalk with a plastic bag on it .
a person walking past an art gallery .
a woman is walking past graffiti .
a woman walking down the street .
two women in a hospital room .
two men working on a project .
two women are walking down the street .
four people riding motorcycles .
two women sit on a bench next to water .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a train track is driving .
a man painting a picture .
a man in a cap is painting a picture on a towel .
a man is painting a picture of a tree .
a man painting a picture .
artist painting a picture .
people standing outside a building .
an old man is walking his dog .
two nurses looking at a cart .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
a woman wearing a red dress .
a woman cutting a cake .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman cutting a cake .
a woman using a knife .
a woman preparing food .
a woman in a red shirt is using a plate with a plate full of people in the background .
a woman cutting a pancake with a knife .
a woman is cutting a cake .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a woman in a blue shirt is cooking .
a woman cutting a cake .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man is crossing a city street .
a man in a white shirt is crossing a bridge .
a little boy is looking at something .
a man is reading a newspaper in front of a store .
a man is sitting in a public place .
a man reading a newspaper outside .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man is reading a paper in front of an asian market .
an asian man wearing glasses is reading a newspaper .
an asian man in a black jacket is standing outside .
a boat in the water .
people are hanging upside down .
people ride a roller coaster .
people on a roller coaster .
people ride a roller coaster .
a man is sitting next to a brick building .
a girl kicking a soccer ball .
a young girl is kicking a bag .
a girl in a yellow shirt is kicking a large object .
a girl practicing martial arts .
a group of people playing a game .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a red sweater is holding a microphone .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman in a straw hat is walking .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on the sidewalk .
people are walking down the street .
an elderly woman is making a funny face .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a truck parked next to a brick building .
a man drinking a beverage .
a man drinking beer .
a man drinking beer .
a woman in a white shirt is making a drink .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a red and white striped shirt plays an electric guitar .
two dogs playing on the beach .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a brick tunnel .
two dogs play with each other on the grass .
people walking down the street .
people walking and walking down a busy street .
a group of people are gathered outside .
many people are walking on a busy street .
people are walking down a busy street .
an asian city street in an asian city .
a large crowd of people in a city .
a group of people are walking on a busy street in a crowded street .
a group of people walking down a street .
people are walking down a city street .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a bicyclist rides down a busy street .
a man on a busy street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is using a hammer .
two dogs play in the grass .
a family is eating a meal .
a man stands next to a body of water .
people at a playground .
a woman and a young boy eating at a table .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a video camera .
a scientist is looking into a microscope into a microscope .
a musician is holding a guitar .
a little boy plays with stuffed animals .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple talks on a cellphone .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs are playing together .
two dogs , one black and one brown and one brown and the other brown and brown brown and white dog .
two dogs on a field .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs play in a field .
a man playing a guitar .
a mother and her child sit on a couch in the middle of the road .
a black and white dog runs through a grassy field .
a man is standing at a barber shop .
a man in a black shirt is marching .
a woman sitting on a couch .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through a field .
four men are standing outside .
a group of children watching tv .
a woman working on a loom .
two boys are standing outside .
a man in a black shirt is cooking .
kids playing soccer .
two boys are playing outside .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people are gathered together .
a person walking down the street .
two people are looking at the snow .
a woman is painting a picture .
a boy running a race .
a boy is running .
a man driving a vehicle .
a woman in red .
a young woman wearing a red dress .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a group of people are working on a farm .
a woman playing an instrument .
a group of children playing soccer .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a band is playing music on stage .
a band performing on stage .
a football player playing football .
two men fighting .
a woman holding a man 's hand .
a man and woman walk past graffiti .
two men boxing each other .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a young boy plays in the water .
a man in a red jacket is walking down the street .
two children playing in water .
people walking in front of a shopping mall .
two people are playing in the spray of water .
two boys play in a fountain .
a man in a blue baseball cap opening his umbrella .
two women talking .
a person running in a race .
a girl is sitting in an art museum .
a child is riding a bicycle .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a group of hikers taking a break from a jump .
a group of hikers are standing in the snow .
a group of hikers walk through the snow .
a group of hikers are sitting on a bench .
a group of hikers are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are sitting in a large courtyard .
a group of people sitting in a circle .
a group of people are watching a performance .
people are sitting at a table .
people are listening to music .
a runner running in a race .
a man plays the drums .
two people are performing on stage .
two men playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar while another man plays guitar .
one man is playing the drums while playing the drums .
two men are playing instruments .
a man is standing on a stage .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is performing a concert .
a man is playing a guitar .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in front of a table full of vegetables , and a man in a hat and a man in a hat stand behind her .
a woman with a blue tank top and a blue tank top is looking at an elderly man .
a woman and a man are standing next to each other .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
two people looking at each other .
an artist is working on a project .
a tennis player gets ready to hit the ball .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people walking through the woods .
a man and woman are smiling .
two people in front of a motorcycle .
a woman is taking a picture .
two people are looking at a motorcycle .
people gathered outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt walks by a pond .
a group of people sit at a carnival party .
two women are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
young boys posing for a picture .
a young boy takes a picture of a young boy .
a person holding a camera .
a child holding a camera .
a baseball game in a game .
a baseball pitcher at a baseball game .
a pitcher at a baseball game .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
a baseball pitcher prepares to throw a baseball .
a little boy is holding a camera .
a construction worker digging in the city .
a baseball player on a field .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a boy is flying a kite .
a boy on a skateboard .
a child swings a kite .
a soccer player is watching the ball .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man is getting ready to kick a soccer ball .
people are preparing food in a house .
a person in a blue shirt swinging on a swing set .
a boy is looking at something .
a woman is cooking .
a man preparing food .
a woman is cooking .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman preparing food .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are using a child .
a woman and a young boy are standing in a kitchen .
a boy in a uniform is playing baseball .
a baseball player is holding his bat .
a baseball pitcher throwing a baseball bat .
a baseball player in a white uniform is playing baseball .
a boy is jumping into a pool .
four men are talking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are talking .
people swimming .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a child in a blue shirt is playing in the water .
a group of musicians are listening to music .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman holding a bouquet of flowers .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a woman wearing a purple shirt and blue jeans is walking .
a little girl is crying .
a person on a beach .
a boy is taking a picture .
a young boy is looking at the camera .
a woman runs across the sand .
a child on a beach .
a busy street .
people playing with water .
a group of people are playing in a body of water .
two people in swim trunks play in the water .
people in bathing suits .
people walking down the street .
two men leaning on a railing .
a child is jumping .
a boy is standing in the water .
a boy swimming in a pool .
two women are talking to each other .
a person is riding a bike .
a boy jumps into the water .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people holding signs .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people walking down the street .
people marching through the street .
people marching in the street .
people marching in the street .
people marching down the street .
a group of athletes in a race .
people running a race .
a group of people running down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people running in a race .
people running in a marathon .
a group of people at an event .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
a young man is sitting at a computer desk .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is riding a train .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man smoking a cigarette .
hikers walking through the grass .
two hikers are climbing up a snowy mountain .
people hiking through the snow .
two people wearing backpacks in a parking lot .
people hiking in the snow .
two people walk towards a tree .
two people hiking through the snow .
two men walking through the woods .
a man in a blue shirt carrying a trash bag .
men performing in front of a large audience .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
two men are playing a game .
people walking down a street .
a group of firefighters are talking to each other .
two people are walking down a street .
two people sweeping the street .
a man surfing a wave .
a teacher teaching a class .
a worker painting a brick wall .
two teams are playing soccer .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a man playing baseball .
a man getting ready to throw a football .
two men playing basketball .
a baby is sleeping in a chair .
a man is sitting at a table .
a dog is walking on the grass .
a woman is pointing .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone .
a man rides a wave .
a group of people are putting on a presentation .
a man with a microphone is speaking into a microphone .
people at a concert .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is performing a flip .
four young adults are playing with a soccer ball .
two men playing softball .
a baseball player is attempting to throw the ball while another player tries to catch the ball .
baseball players playing baseball .
baseball players playing baseball .
a baseball game in a field .
a football player runs on the field .
two baseball players playing baseball .
a group of people taking pictures .
a man is throwing a baseball at a game .
three people walking on a sidewalk on a sidewalk .
two women are looking at art .
four men are putting out a fire .
firemen are standing around a fire .
a child in a costume is looking at a table .
a boy is pointing at a bowl .
a child looks at something .
a group of people are standing near a tree .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman is drawing with a pencil .
a man is holding a woman 's hair .
a woman in a yellow shirt is holding a knife .
two people are sitting on a car .
two people are sitting in a car .
a man and a woman are sitting on a car .
a man and woman sitting on a bench .
a car parked on the street .
two people are talking .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a girl is playing on the beach .
a group of men are preparing food .
men preparing food .
people preparing food .
a person is standing in the water .
a truck parked on the side of the road .
a little girl sits on the beach .
a man is getting ready to throw a sword .
people wearing hats and carrying backpacks .
people walking down the street .
a man in a military uniform is lying down on the ground .
a man in a military uniform gives a presentation .
a man in a military uniform is helping another man .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a man .
a man is helping another man in a blue shirt .
a man is standing outside a building .
two men are crossing the street .
a man with a hat on his head .
a man with a hat and a hat is sitting on top of his head .
a boy swimming .
a man is looking at the camera .
a group of people are surfing .
two men are standing near a body of water .
two men are pulling a boat in a boat .
a man is walking down the street .
two men fishing in a boat .
two men are competing in a boat .
two boys jumping into a swimming pool .
two people are standing outside .
a man giving a speech .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man smiling .
people wearing hard hats and hard hats .
construction workers are working .
a man is talking .
a group of people working together .
a group of children playing in a field .
a woman riding a horse .
three people are working on a project .
a man is standing on a skateboard .
a man performs in front of a city .
a person is taking a picture .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing guitar .
a couple in a church .
a man skateboarding off a dumpster .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a couple getting married .
people are looking at something .
two people are skateboarding .
people walking in an alley .
three people are standing in an alley .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a person catching a frisbee .
a skateboarder flies through the air .
a skateboarder in front of a group of people .
three people standing next to a dumpster .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
two men are playing basketball .
a person on a beach .
a person is riding a wave .
a man surfing on the ocean .
a man working on a ladder .
two guys on a beach .
a duck swims in the water .
two teams are playing soccer .
a person is taking a picture .
two scuba divers are swimming .
a duck swims in the water .
a man and woman are smiling .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
baseball players playing baseball .
a boy wearing a hat stands in the road .
two people walking down the street .
a woman is sleeping at night .
a woman with long hair and glasses is sleeping in a flower shop .
a crowd of people watching a crowd of people .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a man and woman dancing .
a man in a brown shirt is sitting next to a desk .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man is working on a computer .
a little girl is running .
a girl in a pink dress is running .
a little girl is looking at a girl .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
two men are holding drinks .
a man is sitting on a computer reading a book .
people running in a marathon .
a brown dog is taking a break .
a person holding a camera .
a group of children playing outside .
two boys playing in a field .
children running down the street .
two boys climbing up a rocky hill .
two dogs are playing in the water .
soldiers are standing in front of a firetruck .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a group of men holding guns .
a group of men are standing together .
a group of men are standing at a podium .
soldiers posing for a picture .
a group of people standing at attention .
a group of men standing outside .
a group of people wearing white gloves .
soldiers in military uniforms pose for a picture .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
a small child is playing with a train .
two people working on a project .
a man driving a bicycle .
two men are painting a painting .
a woman doing gymnastics .
a gymnast performs a jump .
a woman is getting ready to perform .
a man in a white shirt is performing a trick .
a female gymnast doing gymnastics .
a person walking down the street .
a man singing into a microphone .
a rock performer is holding a microphone .
a man smiling .
a bird prepares to take a picture .
a band is playing music .
a person in a blue jacket is posing for a picture .
a band playing music .
a bird flying over water .
a person skiing down a slope .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a child rides a bike .
a man is standing in front of a campfire .
a man in a red shirt is playing an electric guitar in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt watching something .
a man wearing a cap .
a bmx biker performing a trick .
a man is holding a guitar .
a child is standing on a staircase .
a boy is standing on stairs .
a child on a staircase .
a man looking through a microscope .
a little boy stands on steps .
a photographer taking pictures .
a female dancer poses for a picture .
a woman poses in a studio .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman taking pictures .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a child playing a game .
a woman dances with a hula hoop in front of her .
a girl is sitting on a large screen .
a woman in a white shirt is holding her arm in the air .
a woman performing a dance .
children playing soccer on a field .
two surgeons are speaking .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a little boy is playing a game .
a black dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a woman with long hair is standing on a ladder .
a woman with long hair .
a woman is hanging out of a crowd of bikes .
a woman looking at a bicycle .
a woman is sitting on a stone bench .
a woman holding a bike .
a blond woman riding a bike .
a dog chases a ball .
a woman walking down the street .
a kid doing a skateboard trick .
a vendor is sitting on a bench .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
two men looking through a microscope .
a girl wearing a hat .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a woman standing in a line waiting for her cart .
a woman waits at a store .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a shop .
a woman waiting in line .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting in a cafe .
a woman standing at a store .
a woman is standing in front of a store .
people standing in a store .
a woman waits for a store .
a man is praying .
people are walking around in a red room .
a man is giving a picture of a statue .
an asian man is praying .
a family is sitting on the beach .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man is picking up another man .
a young man in a white hat and a black shirt is holding a microphone .
people posing for a picture .
a man and woman take pictures .
a man and a woman are trying to take a picture of the water .
people standing near water .
two people are standing in front of a fountain .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
a woman in a white dress is walking .
a woman stands near a large body of water .
four men walking down the street .
four men are walking down the street .
four men walking down a street .
four men in red and white uniforms are going down a street with two men in the background .
four men in red shirts are walking down a street .
a group of men dressed in black are running down the street .
a group of people holding guns .
a man with a mustache is holding a knife .
a woman holding a tray of flowers .
people talking at night .
a woman is holding a plate of cake .
a group of people playing musical instruments .
a cat standing in a basket .
a man kicking a red soccer ball .
a couple posing for a picture .
two men are smiling .
two men in a tree .
a person sitting on a bench .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are climbing a tree in the water .
two men in a forest .
five people are standing outside .
a pilot is standing on a plane .
a pilot is outside a building .
a pilot is standing on a plane .
a pilot taking a photograph .
a pilot is leaving a plane .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a pilot wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap is loading something .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down a brick sidewalk .
a man walking down the street .
a person carrying a shopping bag .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a man walking down the sidewalk carrying a luggage .
a hiker is looking at the camera .
two people dancing .
a man is working on a roof .
two girls dancing .
a group of people sitting at a table .
construction worker working at a construction site .
two men are standing next to horses .
four men are playing on a field .
a person jumps over a bridge .
a man leads a band .
a man in a white shirt is about to catch a ball .
a soccer team in red and white is playing soccer .
men playing rugby .
a man is playing the drums .
a man is playing the drums .
a man is leading a group of people .
a band is performing a concert .
a band plays the drums .
a man stands in front of an audience .
people playing soccer .
the snow is covered in snow .
children playing soccer .
a little girl smiles .
two children pose for a picture .
a little girl smiles .
a girl poses for the camera .
a girl in a blue shirt is smiling and smiling .
a girl in a blue shirt is jumping .
two girls are standing in front of a body of water .
children standing on a fence .
a race car is racing .
two children are looking at something .
a boy stands in front of a goal .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl is dancing .
a group of people are standing in a subway station .
a team playing soccer .
racing cars racing around a track .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in a garden .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people waiting for customers .
two cars race on a racetrack .
a man is walking down the street holding a sign .
a man walking down the street .
a man carrying a bag walks down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is walking through a doorway .
a man walking down the street .
people are shopping in a food store .
two people are preparing food for food .
people shopping for sale .
a man is standing in a grocery store .
two people shopping at a store .
a boy is pouring water into the water .
a man is holding a hotdog .
a woman is playing the guitar .
a little girl in a blue shirt plays the guitar on the sidewalk .
a woman playing guitar .
a woman is playing an instrument .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman is leaning against a wall playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a child is playing in the grass .
four people are swimming in a pool .
three people playing soccer on a field .
four people are in the water .
two boys play in the grass .
three men are playing soccer on the ground .
a group of people are talking .
three people are sitting at a table .
a man is sitting at a table with his friends .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting next to two men .
people enjoying a bus ride .
a woman in a pink dress walks past a bus .
a woman is looking at something .
a person is riding a bus .
a man looking out at the camera .
a man playing the violin .
a boy in a blue shirt rides a boat .
a man is playing the violin .
a little girl wearing a black t shirt .
a woman with a tattoo .
a person climbing a rope against a wooden pole .
a boy is playing with a boat .
a boy climbing a ladder .
a man is walking down the street .
basketball players playing basketball .
a person walking down the street .
a person is looking at the water .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a person is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
the sun sets in the ocean .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person is standing next to a body of water .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing guitar .
a man in a purple suit is standing in front of a purple gate .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people sit on a bench .
a woman and a woman sit on a bench .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a subway .
a girl with brown hair is looking into the water .
a group of children are playing together .
two men are standing next to horses .
a girl with brown hair is swimming in the water .
two martial artists compete in a competition .
a woman wearing a black top and blue skirt is walking .
three children jump into a swimming pool .
a skier is standing in front of a forest .
children playing in a pool .
people are getting ready to dive into the water .
children playing in a pool .
three children jump in a pool .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman wearing blue jeans , blue jeans and blue jeans .
a basketball player is shooting a basketball while others watch .
a child plays in a backyard .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy plays in the leaves .
a child plays in a pile of leaves .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
two men are working at a table .
people on a beach .
a man on a beach .
a young man is about to hit a ball .
two men are playing a game with a tennis ball in front of him .
a group of people are standing together .
a young boy attempts to hit a soccer ball in the sand .
two men are at the beach .
a young boy wearing a black shirt and black shorts is wrestling .
a man about to hit a tennis ball .
two wrestlers wrestling .
two men wrestling .
a person sweeping a sidewalk .
a person is walking down the street .
a young boy is looking at a monument .
three men are standing outside .
a dog plays in a field .
an asian woman on a scooter .
a young boy is sweeping a large stone structure .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a woman rides a bike .
a dog swims in the water .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a group of cyclists racing down the street .
a black dog in the water .
cyclists racing down a city street .
people walking down a street .
four people riding bikes .
three men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
two children are walking down the street carrying a backpack .
a group of children standing behind a man standing behind him .
a group of children are standing in a crowd .
a man is waving a line of children .
a man is leading two children .
a child stands in front of a building .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a street performer is playing the drums .
a young woman in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man dressed in black dancing .
a woman dancing on the sidewalk .
a young woman is dancing .
a young woman in a dress dances on a sidewalk .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a drum .
a man is playing guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man performing a trick .
a man playing the drums in a city .
a drummer performs on stage .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a saxophone at a street festival .
a man playing the drums in the street .
a man is performing a trick on the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
people walking in a mall .
people walking down the street .
a puppy running through a grassy field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a small brown dog is playing on the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men competing in a race .
a girl sitting on a bench .
two men are walking down the street .
people in a construction site .
men playing soccer .
a group of men playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt playing hockey .
two boys are playing in the woods .
a hockey game is being played .
a hockey player tries to block the puck .
people in a shopping mall .
a woman is walking in the yard .
a group of people riding bikes .
people walking down a street .
a group of people riding bikes .
people racing on bicycles .
people are walking down a street .
a woman with long brown hair is standing in front of plants .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a truck .
two people are standing in front of a train .
a man wearing a hat is standing on a hillside .
a group of people dancing .
a little girl is weaving .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a woman taking a break .
two men dancing in front of a crowd .
a man does a trick on a sunny day .
a person is flying through the air .
a person rock climbing .
a group of people taking pictures .
a person taking a break from the woods .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people wearing colorful costumes .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man in a blue shirt is posing for a picture .
a group of people posing in front of fire .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a little girl plays with a little girl .
a man and a child are smiling .
a little girl is playing outside .
a street vendor is selling food .
a city street .
a girl is looking at a clown .
a woman in a white shirt is weaving .
a man and woman dancing .
two people dancing .
people are performing on a street .
two people are dancing and dancing .
a man and woman dancing .
a mother and her children at a festival .
a woman and a woman are walking away from a carnival game .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is carrying two young boys in a store .
people playing instruments .
two men in black shirts are playing a saxophone .
a man stands in front of a crowd of people .
people playing instruments .
three men are standing in front of a building .
men on a basketball court .
a band is performing on stage .
a man holding a chainsaw .
a man working on a cutting board .
a man in a white shirt is using a knife .
a man working on a machine .
a man holding a pig .
a man standing in front of a wheelbarrow .
a person on top of a rock .
two people are sitting at a table .
a man smiling .
a man wearing a red shirt .
a man riding a horse .
an old man riding a horse .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a person on a hill on a hill .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a red jacket .
a person in a jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting on a tree .
four people are sitting on a tree stump .
people sitting on tree branches .
four people are sitting on a tree .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people standing around a wooden structure .
four people pose in front of a tree .
four people standing next to a tree .
a woman is sitting on a statue .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a chair .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a woman sits on a piece of art .
a woman reading a book .
a group of construction workers are walking by .
a group of men walking down the street .
men walking along a dock .
people walking down the street .
three men are working on a dock .
a woman selling goods .
a woman and a woman sitting on steps .
a woman sitting on steps .
a woman is sitting on the stairs on the stairs .
a little girl is holding a umbrella .
two girls walking down the street carrying a umbrella .
two women standing in the rain .
a group of people are standing together .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two girls walking under an umbrella .
a group of people are smiling .
a group of people marching through a street .
a group of men standing outside .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people celebrating a wedding party .
a parade of people in a parade .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a couple sitting on a bench .
mountains in the mountains .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is looking at food .
a group of people are running .
a man is preparing food .
people are sitting outside of a restaurant .
a man is standing in front of plants .
three people are sleeping on a couch .
a man in a white t shirt standing outside .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a construction project .
a worker is holding an object .
a woman playing tennis .
a man is cheering .
a group of people are cleaning something .
a tennis player is hitting a tennis ball .
a girl in front of a band .
a female cheerleader in a white uniform poses for a picture .
a girl in a white leotard is cheering .
a child swims in a pool .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a young boy plays in a pool .
a woman in a pink dress sits next to a woman wearing a pink dress .
a woman is playing a guitar .
two people playing instruments .
a group of people are singing .
a man and woman are singing .
a woman in a white shirt plays an instrument .
people are playing instruments .
people are performing .
a woman in a dress sings into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone while a man sings into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman on her head .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is blowing bubbles on a toy .
a woman in a dress is blowing bubbles in the street .
a girl in a dress is dancing outside .
people walking down a street .
a woman taking a picture .
a person taking a picture .
a man is teaching a young boy .
a red car drives over rocks .
a band is sitting at a table .
a group of musicians sitting outside .
a man pushes a shopping cart .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
a man in a black jacket is kissing a waterfall .
two boys talking to a man .
a group of children are standing outside .
a group of teenagers are standing in a garage .
four children are talking to an adult .
a group of boys in blue and white uniforms .
a worker sweeping leaves .
a group of people looking at something .
two dogs look at each other .
a little girl is smiling .
three people are standing in front of a shop .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
women standing in a shoe store .
a little girl is smiling .
a man is cleaning something .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman in a blue helmet is skating .
a person in a helmet is skating .
a woman in a black shirt on rollerskater .
a woman in a black shirt on rollerskater .
two people sitting on a car .
a busy intersection with a city street .
two girls are looking at each other .
a man walking on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are cleaning clothes .
a man and a woman are swimming .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a large cake .
a group of children are climbing .
two children playing in a fountain .
two children are playing in the grass .
children playing in a park .
two children climbing a rock .
two dogs are carrying toys .
two men in cowboy hats are playing the violin .
a group of people gather outside .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a woman wearing shorts and a blue shirt is jogging .
a soccer player wearing a red and white uniform is standing with his hands .
a woman in a blue shirt is getting ready to compete .
a woman is standing with her arms crossed .
a woman is riding on a bike .
a group of people dressed in blue .
two boys are wearing long sleeve shirts .
two people waving .
a group of children are dancing .
two children are looking at something .
two boys look up at the sky .
children are looking up .
a group of children are dancing .
people eating outside .
a man is holding a newspaper .
a woman looking at a dog .
an elderly man works on a broken wheel wheel with his tools .
a man climbing a rock .
a person walking down the street .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man taking a break .
a bicyclist jumping off a ramp .
a man is doing a trick .
a person sitting on a bench .
an older man is talking .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a child sliding down a slide .
a boy in a red shirt is playing a game .
a bearded man is sewing .
a man reads a newspaper in a car .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man sits under a cliff .
a woman is painting a picture .
two monks are in the street .
a man with a red and white striped shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are working on a street corner .
two men sweeping the road .
a dog swims in a lake .
a black and white dog swimming underwater .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
three dogs swimming in the water .
two men are working on a project .
three men are working on a fence .
three men in a park .
two people are jumping in the air in the water .
two people are jumping into water .
people are swimming .
a woman is looking at a fence .
a group of people jumping on a trampoline .
a firetruck in front of a firetruck .
people walking down the street .
two firemen are standing outside .
a man is walking down the street past a truck .
a policeman running with a dog .
a group of people are dancing near a railing .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a man on a soccer field .
a group of people are having drinks and drinking beer .
a girl is running .
a group of children are standing together .
a child wearing a green shirt .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child in a race .
a child running in a race .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young girl running in a race .
a group of students are playing basketball .
two people playing with a dog .
a little boy in a striped shirt is playing the trumpet .
a young boy with a mohawk on his head .
a young boy brushing his teeth .
two people standing next to each other .
a young boy is putting on his face .
a boy is getting his face face .
a person is painting a picture .
a young boy with a red bandanna on his face .
a child sitting on a bench .
a person painting a picture .
a child in a face paint .
a little boy is sitting on his cheek .
a young boy is holding a piece of paper .
a boy wearing a scarf .
a young boy with a scarf on his head .
a young girl is painting a picture .
a child with writing on his face .
a child in a red shirt holding a red ball .
a child wearing a straw hat .
a child is holding a piece of paper .
a child is writing on a piece of paper .
a child is holding a balloon .
a woman walking in the rain .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
two black dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running .
an asian woman in a long city city .
two dogs play in the snow .
a female tennis player hitting the ball .
a tennis player is hitting a tennis ball .
a band is playing music .
a man riding a horse .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a woman carrying shopping bags .
a child with a dog on his head .
a marching band in a marching band .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is riding a boat .
a woman sitting in a boat .
a person skiing down a hill .
workers posing for a picture .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a dog jumps in the air .
a brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a band plays at a football game .
a crowd of people are playing music .
a group of african american boys in red and white uniforms .
a band playing in a band .
two men , one wearing a red shirt and the other in red , are kicking a soccer ball .
a band is performing on a stage .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a baseball player about to hit a ball .
three women talking to each other .
a man is looking at something .
a young boy runs through a puddle .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a man in a green hat and green vest is looking at something .
a construction worker sitting on the ground .
a woman is blowing bubbles with a large bubble .
a woman blowing bubbles .
a group of children are playing musical instruments .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
two children swimming .
two young boys swimming in green water .
two boys swimming in a fountain .
a person swimming .
a man climbs a hill .
a group of people swimming .
people swimming in the water .
a man and a child are swimming .
a man and a girl are swimming .
a man in a ring .
a young girl jumping into the air .
a group of children are playing music .
a group of students having fun .
two boys are playing outside .
two children playing in the grass .
two children are playing together .
two boys playing soccer .
two young boys are playing drums .
two boys are playing outside .
two boys are playing in front of a house .
two children are playing soccer in front of a photographer .
two boys are playing on the street .
a group of young boys are playing outside .
two young girls are playing outside .
two boys playing basketball .
a motorcyclist on a motorcycle .
a woman carrying shopping bags .
a motorcycle racer wearing a helmet .
a motorcycle racer is racing .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man is chopping wood .
a man with a blue shirt and blue jeans is chopping wood .
a man cutting wood .
a man holding hands .
people gather outside .
a child on a snow mound .
a man is sitting on a grill .
a girl jumps over a puddle .
police officers on motorcycles .
a man taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man is standing on rocks .
a group of police officers .
a dog runs through the grass .
a small dog plays with a toy .
a dog running in the woods .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of young people are standing around a field .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a group of people are gathered around a party .
a boy with a backpack walks along a trail .
a person in a blue shirt is snowboarding .
a person is standing on the snow .
a person is skiing down a snowy hill .
a person stands on the snow .
a person is standing on ice .
a person walking down the street .
a person standing outside .
a person in a red shirt is standing on ice .
a person is walking down the street .
a person standing outside .
a person standing outside .
a person stands in the snow .
a woman is feeding a baby .
a mother and her child are eating .
a child is getting ready to eat .
a mother feeding her son .
a group of men are standing together .
a little girl holding a camera .
a man talking on his cellphone .
police are on the street .
a woman is holding a rope .
people crossing a street .
people sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit talks on his cellphone .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people standing outside .
a man is sleeping on a bench with a garbage bag .
police officers are talking .
two construction workers are working .
a person in a park .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a bride in a dress .
two men are playing instruments .
a car drives down the road .
a red car is driving on a track .
a race car getting ready for a race .
a race car is racing .
two surgeons working in a factory .
two people are working at work .
two men working in a factory .
two people are working at work .
two men are working on an assembly line .
a snowboarder is snowboarding in the snow .
a person is walking through the snow .
skiers on a ski lift .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is working .
two people working on a project .
a man and a woman are working .
a man and a woman are working at work .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are working at a convention .
a man and woman at work .
a group of people are working in a factory .
a man and woman work together .
a woman in a white shirt and a white man with a white shirt and a white man with a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt and a white man with a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt and a white man with a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt and a white man in a
a woman working at a factory .
a woman in a green dress stands in front of a crowd of people .
two men are working on a piece of paper .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man helps another man .
a man is helping another man .
a little boy is helping his customer .
a woman holding a child .
two basketball players compete for the ball .
two motorcycle riders racing down a road .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people are driving .
two motorcyclists racing on a track .
two motorcyclists racing through a race .
a group of people are riding a motorcycle .
two motorcycle riders racing on a racetrack .
two motorcycles in a race .
two cyclists racing on a track .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman in a white shirt is applying mascara .
a man sitting on a boat .
a basketball player trying to block the basketball .
two people are having a conversation .
a group of people looking at something .
two women standing in snow .
a person is skiing down a snowy hill .
two women are looking at a fence .
the brown light light light brown .
two women standing in the snow .
a girl in a red shirt is getting ready to shoot a basketball .
two women are looking at a statue .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs running .
two dogs running through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs run through the grass .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man playing a guitar .
a boy is holding a basketball .
a boy is running .
a boy playing basketball .
a boy playing basketball .
an older man plays a guitar while another child watches .
a man in an orange shirt is watching a crowd .
a boy playing in the mud .
people are listening to music .
a dog runs away from a tennis ball .
a person is walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two people walking in a garden .
two girls walking along a creek .
a group of people are standing in the street .
police officers standing outside .
a little boy is standing in a snow covered area .
a man is standing in front of a vehicle .
a child in a snow covered area .
a little boy is standing in the snow .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
construction workers in front of a building .
a group of police officers are on the sidewalk .
police officers on the street .
a group of people are crossing a street .
police officers standing outside .
three police officers outside .
a boy in a yellow shirt is eating something .
a child in the snow .
four people are walking down the street .
a man eating food .
people walking down the street .
a woman leaving a store .
a woman in a blue shirt and jeans is laying on a chair .
a man and a woman are leaving a store .
two women walking down the street looking at the camera .
a group of men are working on computers .
a group of men are working on computers .
a woman is checking out groceries .
a person is balancing his head on his head .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a man skiing .
two men on skis .
skiers are skiing in the snow .
a group of runners racing in a race .
a man and a woman are riding bikes with their bike .
a group of people running in a race .
a boy is looking over a railing .
a man giving a thumbs up .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is walking with children .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking across the street with two children .
four people crossing a road .
a woman and three children walk down the street .
people are crossing the street .
children are dancing .
children playing on a stage .
a young girl dancing on stage .
four girls in pink and white are posing for a picture .
young girls dancing .
a man climbing a rock .
a little boy stands in the water .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy at the beach .
a little boy playing in the water .
a boy in the ocean .
a man is drinking a beer .
a boy is laughing .
a small child splashing in water .
a young child is playing in the water .
a young child in a swimming pool .
a young child swimming in a pool .
a child playing in the water .
a child in a swimming pool .
a young boy playing on the beach .
a group of people are standing together .
a street vendor selling various goods .
people walking down a busy street .
the people are sitting on the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking through a street .
two people selling umbrellas .
people are walking down a street .
many people are walking down the street with red umbrellas .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people walking .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are outside .
people walking around outside .
a choir singing and singing into a microphone .
a black singer sings into a microphone in front of a piano .
a group of people standing around a piano .
people singing .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
people are singing .
a choir singing in a concert .
a choir sings into a microphone .
a band performs in a concert .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a man is singing and singing into a microphone .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man wearing a hat is posing for a picture .
a girl jumping .
a man welding a piece of metal .
a man welding a pipe .
people are on the grass .
a worker wearing a safety vest is welding .
a girl jumping on a trampoline .
a man is holding something in his hand .
a man in a brown shirt looks at something .
a man playing golf .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a gymnast is performing a trick in a gym .
a young boy doing tricks on his skateboard .
a man using a hammer .
a person standing behind a food stand .
a woman selling food .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman stands in front of a store .
a woman at a market .
a woman is talking to a man .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is pulling a statue on a rope .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a person in a snow covered road .
a football player throws a football .
a soccer player is playing a game .
a man is holding a ball .
a football player in a red jersey is running .
the football player in the red uniform is holding the ball .
a man is drinking a beverage .
a man in a suit is drinking a drink .
a person is wearing a hat .
a bartender is pouring liquid into a container .
a bartender is pouring a drink .
a bartender is drinking a drink .
a young man is sitting on a chair .
a man is drinking a beer .
a man pouring a drink into a glass .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man is making a funny face .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children playing in the grass .
two young men stand in a kitchen .
a large group of people are standing in the street .
a man and a woman at a computer .
a group of children are sitting and writing .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
two children playing in a yard .
a woman wearing a white and white dress .
three people hiking through the snow .
a city street with trees in the background .
people hiking on a trail .
people enjoying a sunny day .
three hikers hiking through the woods .
people are skiing down a mountain .
a woman playing tennis .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a boy throwing a ball .
jockeys racing on a track .
a man is snowboarding .
people riding horses .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people watching a television .
a young boy kicks a soccer ball .
a young boy pushes a toy wheel .
two little boys are playing in a parking lot .
a man is playing with a child .
a man playing with a little girl in the sand .
a man and a girl on a beach .
two people are standing next to the ocean .
a man and a girl on a beach .
a man and a girl are playing on the beach .
a man throwing a child into the air .
a man in an orange shirt is working .
a child jumps into the air .
three men are sitting at a table .
a man in a long sleeve shirt is talking to a group of men .
people repairing railroad tracks .
three men wearing hard hats are working on a computer .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball .
a group of people are riding a bike .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people riding bikes .
a person is looking over a horse .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a man in a lab coat is cutting something .
a group of people in a gym .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a little boy is throwing a football .
two women walking along a path .
a young boy in a blue shirt is brushing his teeth .
a woman walking down the street .
people walking out of a building .
a man is standing next to a tunnel .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking out of a tunnel .
a woman in a tunnel .
a woman wearing a blue skirt and blue skirt .
a woman is walking down the street .
a boy stands in a theater .
a man stands in front of an atm .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in a building .
a man playing an instrument in the street .
a man playing the violin .
the violin is playing the violin .
a man playing the violin .
a man is playing the drums .
a dog plays with a stick .
a little girl is sitting on the ground .
a woman is reading a book .
a dog runs through a forest .
a woman laying on the grass and reading a book .
a girl sitting at a park .
a woman is taking a picture .
a boy is skateboarding .
a man teaching a young boy .
a woman standing next to a bicycle .
a little boy is standing next to a car .
a young child plays with a toy .
a man in a yellow vest is standing on a plane .
a man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a dog runs through the grass .
a family is sitting outside .
women walking down the street .
a group of children are playing outside .
two people are waiting to cross the street to cross the street .
two women walking on the side of the road .
people are playing instruments .
a man runs after a tennis ball .
a woman in a lab lab coat working in a lab .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a scientist looking through a microscope .
a man stands in front of a brick wall .
a group of people are taking a break .
a woman is working on a street .
two men wearing hats on top of a pipe .
two men wearing hats .
two men wearing hats .
two men wearing hard hats are standing next to two men .
two men wearing hats .
a woman is sitting in a chair with a woman in the background .
a little girl is running with a shovel .
a child is jumping over a hole .
a young girl is playing in the dirt .
a boy is holding a shovel .
a man wearing a white hat .
a woman playing tennis .
a snowboarder in the snow .
children playing in the grass .
a group of children playing soccer .
children are playing in the water .
a man is standing in front of a large waterfall .
a child holding a child 's hand .
a child in a blue uniform playing soccer .
a girl playing soccer .
a girl playing soccer .
a girl kicking a ball .
a man riding a bucking horse .
an old man working on a project .
a man rides a horse in a show .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco .
a horse in a rodeo .
a brown dog in a park .
a dog chases a toy in the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a dog chases a toy .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
two men are standing in the street .
a child is playing in a box .
a boy smiles at the camera .
a boy smiles at the camera at the camera .
a girl is holding two bottles .
a young boy is sitting on a rock .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a busy city street with people in the background .
an old man looking at a street vendor .
a busy street at night .
an artist is taking a picture .
a little boy stands under a tree .
an asian man in an orange shirt is standing behind two men .
a group of people standing around .
a group of young children are swimming .
a group of children at school .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
people walking down a street .
two people posing for a picture .
a man playing an electric guitar .
two motorcycle riders wearing helmets .
a woman smiling .
a man working on a machine .
a vendor standing next to a fruit stand .
a child is holding a pole .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man holding a camera .
a man is waving a motorcycle .
a person is walking down the street .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man is making a drink .
a man is walking down the street .
two police officers are looking at something .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men taking pictures .
two men taking pictures .
two men are standing next to a car .
men taking pictures .
two men standing next to a car .
two people are walking down the street .
two men are standing next to a car .
two men are playing chess .
children are playing with bubbles .
women dancing .
two girls sitting on a tire swing .
a boy brushing his teeth .
a boy brushing his teeth .
a man in a bathroom .
a garden garden garden .
a little boy brushing his teeth .
a man is laying on the ground .
a child is brushing his teeth .
a crowd of people are walking in the street in the middle of the street .
people are walking down the street .
a crowd gathers at a market .
people walking down a street .
a group of children are standing together .
a woman swinging on a swing .
a group of young girls holding a large piece of paper .
three children are giving a presentation .
a group of football players in uniform .
a woman swinging on a swing .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are looking up .
three women walking down the street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man wearing a black jacket and blue hat .
a woman is applying makeup .
a man is blowing bubbles .
a man works on a machine .
a man drives a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
two men standing next to each other .
two men working on a project .
two men are digging a hole in the forest .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a group of people are standing in front of a body of water .
a group of people standing near the water .
a group of people are sitting on a dock near the edge of a grassy field near a river .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people riding bikes .
people walking down the street .
a woman holding an object .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog is playing with a ball .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a group of people are preparing food .
people sitting at a cafe .
this is a picture of the floor .
a group of people are sitting on a grassy hill in a country .
two boys practicing martial arts .
two men are sitting at a table .
a woman standing next to a table .
a child in a race .
a man playing soccer in a field with a ball in the background .
two people are in a room .
a woman is standing in a room .
a woman is holding a piece of paper .
people are walking down a street .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are crossing a walkway .
people walking down the street .
a man paddles a boat .
a man in a blue shirt holding his hands .
a man fishing in a boat .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man sits on the side of a city street with a woman in the background .
two people are standing on horses .
a group of young boys standing in front of a base .
a police officer standing next to a police officer .
two police officers on horses .
two police officers on horses .
a group of police officers are crossing the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down the street .
two people walking up stairs .
a man climbing a rock wall .
two students practicing karate .
a woman walking down the street .
two girls practicing karate .
a man in a helmet is climbing a rope .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock .
two men are climbing up a rock wall with a rope in the background .
a man climbing up a mountain .
a man is standing next to a building .
several people are working on a project .
a man taking pictures .
a man taking a picture .
a boy is selling fruit from a man 's market .
a man taking a picture of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a building .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man is climbing a building .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man climbing a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
a baby is brushing his teeth .
a woman with a tattoo .
a young woman is riding a horse .
a woman riding a horse down the road .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a woman wearing a green shirt and brown vest .
a woman riding a horse in a parade .
a flock of birds outside .
a flock of birds .
a group of people gather outside .
a flock of birds .
a flock of birds .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children playing outside .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a group of children sitting outside .
a group of children playing outside .
a group of children are standing in front of a building .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man is sitting under an umbrella .
a group of adults are sitting outside .
a person riding a bike .
two people are digging on the shore .
children playing in the water .
two children are looking at the water .
two children on a pier .
people are digging up the ground .
a dog on a snowy day .
a man is trying to catch a frisbee .
two young men perform on a stage .
two men are performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man and a woman are playing outside .
two children playing on a jungle gym .
a man with a yellow hat and a gray hat is sitting on top of a white scooter .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
two people working on a bike .
a boy is standing next to a bicycle .
a boy is riding a bike .
a young boy doing tricks on his bike .
a child is fixing his bike .
a man is helping a young boy on a bicycle .
a man is fixing a vehicle .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men repairing a bicycle .
two people are fixing something .
a man repairing a bicycle .
a person is fixing the wheel of a bicycle .
a dog laying on the ground .
a person jumping in the air .
a man in a black and white striped shirt is sitting next to a dog .
a brown and white dog is laying down on a snow covered path .
a group of men are protesting .
a group of people attending a park .
a group of people are outside .
people in a park .
a crowd of people waiting for an event .
people are walking down a street .
a man is running a race .
a group of young women are sitting in a hallway with two young men in a hallway .
children in blue shirts are writing .
three children are working on a project .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a group of children sitting on a bench .
a group of people are writing .
people are playing instruments .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
three people are performing on stage .
a band performs at a concert .
a group of people are standing outside .
families having fun .
a group of people stand under a banner .
children standing on cement steps .
a group of people are having fun .
a woman with glasses reading a book .
a man jumping high in the air .
a woman wearing a black jacket .
two martial artists practice martial arts .
two men practicing martial arts .
a little girl pulls a bucket on a bucket .
two people are wrestling .
a group of people competing in a game .
a group of people watching a competition .
two wrestlers in a match .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown dog runs through the water .
a black dog walks through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a little girl in a pink dress is making a funny face .
a girl opening christmas presents .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
four people are cleaning leaves .
a man is standing on a field .
a man in a white shirt is pulling a fishing net .
a man is jumping into the water at the beach .
a person is standing near a body of water .
a man and a woman are dancing .
two men performing on the street .
two people are playing instruments .
people walking down the street .
two men are sitting on a ledge listening to two men .
a band plays music .
a woman playing softball .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is waiting for something .
a man in a suit is looking at something .
a man on a busy street .
a group of people are looking at something .
people are walking down the street .
three people are planting plants .
three people walking outside .
people playing in a backyard .
a group of children working together .
people walking in a garden .
people walking in a garden .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man is using a sword .
a boy is swinging on a rope .
a boy hangs from a rope .
a boy is swinging on a rope .
a man is using a rope to a tree .
a man is standing in front of a construction site .
a boy on a rope .
a child is running away from two children .
a man working on a machine .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a girl is singing into a microphone .
a man standing near a bar .
a man stands near a bar .
a man stands in front of a bar .
a woman sitting at a bar .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a boy in a blue shirt and black cap is giving his thumbs up .
a man in a suit in a bar .
a man in a blue shirt standing next to a dumpster .
a group of people are working on scaffolding .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a microphone .
two men holding a rope .
a group of people walking down the street .
people on a train .
a group of people are playing tug of war .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a group of people are working on a project .
a man is bowling .
a woman with long hair is holding a stick .
a man in a red wetsuit is surfing a wave .
a man in a blue shirt jumping in the desert .
two people are talking .
a cyclist rides his bike .
a man in a white shirt is holding a sword .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a building .
an artist is getting ready to perform .
a man working on a chalkboard .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is walking down the street .
a man helping a fish .
people walking on the beach .
the brown dog is running across the grass .
a girl is sitting in a tub of water .
a dog swims in the water .
two people dancing .
a person stands in front of a mountain .
a man in a green shirt and white hat is standing next to a display of fans .
people playing in the snow .
a mother and child walk in the snow .
a mother and her son are walking down the street .
a child and a child are playing in the grass .
a woman and child play in the grass .
two little boys are sitting at home .
man dancing .
a woman wearing an orange shirt and black pants .
a man dances in front of a crowd .
a group of boys playing soccer in a park .
three children playing in a park .
two boys playing soccer on a field .
three young boys playing with a red ball .
three boys playing in a park .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a young boy plays a guitar .
a boy playing a guitar .
three boys are playing music .
three people are playing instruments .
a man with a blue shirt is standing next to a man .
two men are singing .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man playing a guitar .
a boy rides a bike .
a man playing a guitar .
a street performer plays the guitar .
a woman walking by a man in a blue shirt .
two men playing soccer .
two people riding bikes .
two people riding bikes in a field .
people riding bikes .
two people riding bikes down the street .
people are sitting in a doorway .
jockeys running in a field .
a group of people ride down a street .
a policeman stands next to a building .
a boy in a blue jacket is running .
a group of people are hanging out of a building .
people walking down a street .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
people walking into a building .
a man in a uniform is looking at something .
people are driving on a road .
a woman reading a book .
a girl is sitting in the water .
the traffic driver is on the street .
a man in a swimming pool .
a person on the beach .
a child in a yellow shirt is holding onto his hands .
a dog stands in the snow .
three children are standing next to a counter .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a woman is playing a keyboard .
a child plays with a toy .
a man is getting a drink in the office .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man and woman are at a lake .
a young girl holding a flower .
a girl is walking along the beach .
a boy is shaving his head .
a man is cutting something .
a young man is sitting at a table .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a man is getting a haircut .
a man getting his haircut .
two people walking next to each other .
two men sweeping the floor .
a young boy getting his haircut .
two men cleaning the floor .
a woman is reading a book .
a young boy is playing on the beach .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child is playing with his legs in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a child on the beach .
a blond boy is playing in the sand .
a young boy is sleeping in the sand .
a child in the sand .
two children walking down a sidewalk in the snow .
a child holding a bouquet of flowers .
two people swim in a pool .
a girl in a pink shirt cutting dinner .
two girls swimming .
a woman cutting a loom .
a man jumps into a pool .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a boy in swim trunks is swimming .
a man surfing a wave .
two people are looking at something .
two people are standing in front of a wooden wall .
two young girls are looking off at each other .
two women are standing outside .
a man jumping off a ramp .
two men on the beach .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a bathing suit holding a small pool .
two men are talking on the beach .
a group of people on a beach .
two men are walking on the beach by the beach .
two men are having a conversation .
a man is jumping into the water .
a baseball player slides down the lane .
a man sliding into a base .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
baseball players playing baseball .
a boy bowling at a bowling alley .
a young boy playing bowling .
two men playing basketball .
a man holding a umbrella .
a person taking a picture .
a man holding an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
three dogs running in the dirt .
a hockey player attempts to block the puck as the referee watches .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a group of people playing soccer .
a hockey player on ice skates .
a man is taking pictures .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a ramp .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a group of people on a beach .
two men are playing soccer .
four boys are playing outside .
boys playing soccer on a merry go round .
four children ride a merry go round .
kids playing in a park .
two boys playing in a park .
four boys playing outside .
a mother and her daughter enjoying the day at the beach .
a woman and a young girl are smiling .
kids playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a woman holding a cigarette .
a woman in a black dress is standing in a crowd .
a dog is looking at the camera .
a woman is taking a picture of a dog .
three men wearing green shirts and green pants .
a band performing on stage .
a brown dog is running through a creek .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring dishes .
people sitting on a bench .
two men are eating food .
a group of people sitting at a table .
four people wearing blue shirts .
people are eating .
a little girl playing in the grass .
a child is playing in the snow .
a soccer player in a red uniform is about to kick a soccer ball .
a girl running towards a ball .
a group of people are flying over a lake .
a girl playing soccer .
a boy is looking through a telescope .
a man is looking at something .
a girl in a striped shirt looks at something .
a child looking at a rock .
a person runs down the road .
a man working on a plane .
a girl in a pink shirt is running .
a runner prepares to throw the ball .
two children are smiling .
two children are standing in the grass .
two people are looking at something .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
two children playing in a field .
a hockey game in a game .
a group of people in a stadium .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
several men are working in a construction area .
construction workers are working at a construction site .
a group of men are working in a tunnel .
a group of people are working outside .
a group of people walking down the street .
two construction workers are working on a project .
construction workers are standing on a wall .
construction workers standing at a construction site .
people on a wall .
people walking down a street .
a group of workers are working at a construction site .
a hockey player in a blue uniform is attempting to throw the ball .
a black and white dog runs down the beach .
a woman is applying makeup .
the dog is walking through the grass .
a dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a bus with people in the background .
two men are sitting on a train .
a young boy is standing in front of a red house .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man sitting on a bench listening to music .
a man in a white shirt stands in front of a crowd .
a man playing the drums .
two people walking and holding hands .
a man in a white shirt is walking his bike .
cyclist waiting to cross the street .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is walking down a busy street .
a cat is looking away .
a woman carrying a bouquet of flowers .
a man is rollerblading .
a skateboarder in midair .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
people shopping for sale .
a rollerblader grinding a rail .
a man sitting on a bench .
two dogs walk down the street .
a person is standing in front of a wall .
a young child in the snow .
a child is crying .
a child in the snow .
a person is looking at something .
a person standing outside .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a man working on a ladder .
a woman is getting money from an atm .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a man standing on a ladder .
an old man is standing on a tree .
an old man in an orange shirt is working on a tree .
a man is climbing a ladder on a ladder .
a man is standing at an atm .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a man is working on a ladder .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims with a stick .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
a dog carries a log in its mouth .
a dog plays in the water .
a dog in the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog carrying a small log .
a man is climbing ice .
a person climbing a mountain .
a climber climbs a wall .
a person is walking down a street .
a little boy is sitting on a chair .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a little boy plays in the water .
a young child is sitting on a rock .
people are working on a project .
a person is sitting on a sign .
a girl wearing a helmet .
a woman taking a picture of a plant .
a person wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a woman taking a picture .
a young woman is taking a picture .
a woman holding a baby .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing on the beach .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person is swimming in the water .
a surfer gets ready to catch a wave .
a person is walking down the street .
a family is smiling .
a group of adults are holding hands .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two young adults holding their children .
a group of people are outside .
a baby and a baby are smiling .
a man in a hard hat is working on the street .
a man cutting ice cream .
a man is working on a snowboard .
a man doing a trick .
a person is doing a handstand on a snowboard .
a man wearing a gray hat .
a man is pushing a cart .
a man is walking over ice .
two children are playing in the grass .
a man and woman at a party .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man wearing a black shirt .
two men are sitting in chairs .
a man sitting on a bench .
a busy city street .
two men jumping over a fence .
a baseball game in a game .
a baseball player tries to throw the ball .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
baseball players playing baseball .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people are singing .
a group of people at a fair .
people walking in front of graffiti .
a choir sings into a microphone .
a group of soldiers in a church .
a choir is standing in a church .
a church choir in a church .
a choir is wearing red and red .
a group of soldiers stand on stage .
a man in a red coat and a woman in a red coat .
a group of construction workers are working .
a man is training a dog .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
a man and woman standing at a stand .
a black and white dog is training his opponent .
people walk down a busy street .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a white shirt .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is performing a trick .
a man in a white shirt is holding a rope .
a man wearing a white t shirt and blue jeans .
a man wearing a white and white striped shirt .
a man is walking a rope .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is riding a donkey .
a boy in a blue shirt is laughing .
two dogs are fighting .
three men are working on a drum .
three dogs running in the grass .
two dogs in a field .
a woman sitting on a table with her eyes closed .
two girls playing outside .
people racing on a track .
a little girl is jumping in the sand .
a man leaning against a wall .
a woman is looking at her friend .
three people at the beach .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a band plays in a room .
an orchestra performs in a church .
a band performs on stage .
two men are posing for a picture .
a group of people are listening to music .
a hockey player looks off into the camera .
a young girl in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man skating on a skateboard .
a hockey player attempts to block the puck .
a hockey player attempts to block the puck .
a hockey game in a hockey game .
a little girl is laughing while holding a little girl .
a man playing a drum .
people walking down the street .
a person climbing stairs .
a woman and a child are walking up the stairs .
people climb up stairs .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man on a street .
a man in a suit is walking past graffiti .
a man standing next to a sign .
a man is walking past a store with a window in the window .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
a pitcher in a baseball game .
a pitcher is throwing a pitch .
baseball player throwing a baseball .
a pitcher prepares to throw a baseball in a baseball game .
a man wearing a mask .
a football player in a blue uniform prepares to kick the ball .
a basketball player is attempting to block the ball .
a baseball player is throwing a ball .
a football player in a blue uniform is attempting to block the ball .
a basketball player is making a face .
a baseball player getting ready to throw the ball .
a football player wearing a uniform is about to throw a ball .
a baseball game in a game .
a baseball game in a stadium .
people watching a baseball game .
a pitcher catches a ball .
a baseball player prepares to throw a baseball .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman playing tennis .
two men on a street .
two men walking on a sidewalk .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is carrying a shopping cart .
a young man wearing a jacket .
a man pushing a cart full of bags .
a young man wearing a leather jacket is walking down a street .
a woman is under a tent .
a woman relaxing in a chair .
a man in a striped shirt is talking on his cellphone .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a white bird is holding a box .
an older man is cleaning ice cream for a customer .
a woman in a blue shirt smiles .
a little girl is brushing her teeth while another child watches .
people are playing instruments .
a climber climbs a wall .
two people are playing instruments .
a girl is having a drink .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
children listening to music .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a man in a striped shirt is reading a book .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a snowboarder in a green shirt is snowboarding down a hill .
a snowboarder on a bench .
a man is on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is looking at two young girls .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a person in a white and white shirt is doing a jump in midair .
a snowboarder flies through the snow .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy is walking down the street .
a child is walking down the street .
a boy is leaving a car .
a boy is walking down the street .
a boy is walking down the street .
a young boy prepares to kick a soccer ball .
a boy is walking down the street .
a little boy is running on a dirt path .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of men in a parade .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing outside .
a crowd watching a crowd .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
a man in a yellow shirt is holding a video camera .
a football game in a football game .
a man is holding a camera .
a tree with a tree in the background .
a man is walking down the street .
a construction worker is sweeping the road .
a man walking in the street .
a man sits in the shade of a stone wall .
two men are talking to each other .
two people in front of a wall .
two men having a conversation .
two soccer players in red and white are competing in a soccer game .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people walking down the street .
two men wearing hats .
men walking down the street .
a group of men are walking .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a construction worker is working on a ladder .
a man holding a child in a garage .
people playing monopoly .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a group of people are working .
a group of people are fencing .
a black and white dog is pulling a calf .
a group of people watching a sculpture .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a group of students are doing a routine .
a group of men playing soccer .
people walking down the street .
the brown dog is in the grass .
a group of protesters protesting for a protest .
a man is standing next to a firetruck .
people standing in the middle of an intersection .
a group of people are praying .
a street performer stands on the street .
a man shaving his face .
people walking down the street .
a man is looking at a mirror .
people eating in a restaurant .
two women eating .
a woman in a pink top is walking through the woods .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man using a razor .
a brown dog laying on a rug .
a dog is lying on a black and white dog .
a man in a blue shirt is laying on a bed .
a dog laying on a rug .
a dog is standing in the snow .
a brown and white dog laying in the grass .
the brown dog is laying down .
the brown dog is laying on the ground .
a man in a blue coat pushing a cart .
a man in a black coat is walking .
a man pushing a cart full of bags .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is pushing a yellow bag on a sidewalk .
a busy street in a city .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table with a man and a man sitting in front of him .
a man walking through the streets .
a person walking down the street .
a man is sitting at a table while people walk by .
a child plays with a string .
a girl rides a bicycle down the street .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of people walking down a street .
a biker wearing a red helmet .
a girl rides her bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a rugby player wearing a blue and white uniform .
a boy is looking at a tiger .
a woman taking a picture .
a football player holding a ball .
people singing .
a group of people singing .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people singing .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a group of people walking in the woods .
a group of people are playing music .
a group of african americans are looking at books .
group of men reading books .
people are dancing at a fair .
a group of people are holding books .
a group of people are reading books .
a woman poses for the camera .
a woman smiling .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking pictures in front of two women .
a group of people are walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a group of men playing football .
a man giving a speech .
a busy city street .
a man is talking to a group of people .
children riding bikes .
a little boy and girl ride bikes .
a little boy is riding a bicycle down a sidewalk with a bike in the background .
two children are playing soccer .
two children are riding bikes .
two kids riding bikes .
two people riding bikes on a dirt road .
a boy is riding a bike down the street .
two children are riding on a bike .
a little boy and girl ride their bike .
a boy and girl riding bikes .
two people riding bikes .
a boy in a helmet rides a bike .
two people riding bikes .
a group of children are playing outside .
a boy rides a bike down the sidewalk .
a woman opening christmas presents .
a young boy climbs a tree .
three dogs are playing together .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is opening a present on her head .
a boy holding a hose .
a woman is opening christmas presents .
three women posing for a picture .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs on the beach .
people are shopping at a market .
an artist is drawing a portrait .
a boy is getting his haircut .
a man is making a funny face .
an artist painting an artist .
a artist doing a handstand .
a man playing guitar on a bench .
two people on the beach .
people walking .
a little girl is standing on her head .
a man is listening to music .
a little girl is drawing a picture .
a man is cutting a tree into a tree .
a group of children are gathered around a table .
a group of people walking by an event .
a group of children standing in front of a house .
a rock climbing .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand on a tree while a man stands behind him .
a man in a white shirt climbs a tree .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is climbing up a tree trunk .
three women are walking down the street .
a man climbing a tree on a hot day .
a man is walking down the street .
a man climbing a tree .
a man climbing a tree .
a man climbing a tree in a wooded area .
a woman running after a tennis ball .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down a brick road .
a group of people in uniform .
a girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a girl walking down the street .
a group of children are sitting on a bus .
children holding american flags .
a man in a black coat is taking a break .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building .
three children in a firetruck .
a girl on a playground .
a group of people in a park .
a group of people are having fun .
a child plays with a toy .
a young girl standing outside .
a girl on a playground .
construction workers hanging from a building .
a group of people are crossing a river .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are working .
a man is walking down a street .
a man in a blue jumpsuit rides a bicycle .
protesters protest the street .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
three dogs in a fence .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to get something .
a dog runs through a field .
three people are standing on a stage .
a group of people are performing in an art gallery .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man is sitting outside a restaurant .
a person walking down the street .
a man is grilling meat .
a man standing in front of a grill .
a man in a green shirt is preparing food .
a man grilling meat .
a man cooking food .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is cooking food .
a man is cooking with a blue cup .
a man holding a sign .
two men in orange vests are working on a plane .
people are planting a tree .
people talking on the street .
a young girl holding a teddy bear .
a car in a race .
a little girl is standing on a sidewalk .
people shopping in a store .
a grocery store in a grocery store .
people shopping at a market .
customers standing in front of a deli counter .
women wearing scarves .
a man in a white shirt is playing the accordion .
a little girl wearing a coat .
people walking by a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the street .
people walking .
people walking down the street .
a car drives through the water .
two women sitting at a computer .
a group of women in dresses are standing next to each other .
children jump in a pool .
a race car drives on a track .
two women are looking at a television .
two people are looking at a computer screen in a city .
a man and a woman look at a screen .
a little boy in a wagon .
a man with his face painted .
two people running .
a man is working on a roof .
a man with a beard is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a dog leaps through a hoop .
two boys are sitting on a bench .
two people are having fun .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
a black and white dog is running .
two boys are sitting on a bench .
a boy is fishing into a lake .
a young boy holding a shovel .
a dog leaps through a hoop .
a young boy is holding a shovel .
a child holding a small shovel .
a little boy is holding a shovel .
a boy is holding something .
a small child looks at something in the distance .
a boy in a blue shirt stands in a field .
a woman is holding a bottle of water .
a child wearing blue .
a girl holding a beer .
a woman looking at something in her hand .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a man working on a fire .
a group of people giving a presentation .
a group of people talking .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a group of people are reading books .
baseball player playing baseball .
two girls jumping into the water .
a soccer player in a white uniform is attempting to hit the ball .
two people jumping in water .
a boy and a young boy hold hands .
children eating at a table .
people walking down the street .
two girls are sitting at a table .
three girls are eating dinner .
a group of people are standing outside .
people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a boy in a brown hat is playing on the ground .
a woman in a park in a park .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a woman swims underwater with a turtle .
a woman swims in the water .
a woman in a swimming pool .
a woman scuba diving underwater underwater .
a woman scuba diving underwater .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a scuba diver diving into the sea .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a scuba diver underwater with a turtle .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a scuba diver swims in the water .
a person swimming in a swimming pool .
a scuba diver is underwater .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
three men are working on a tour line .
a person in the rain .
a man is cooking on a fire .
a man pouring something into a pot .
a person is putting something into a container .
a man is cooking meat .
a man is pouring something into a container .
a runner is running .
a man walking down the street .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs playing in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
a man is pouring something into a pot .
two men are loading something .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
two girls are playing in a swimming pool .
people at a restaurant .
a man dressed in a suit walks by .
a couple sitting at a table .
people shopping at a market .
two girls playing outside .
a crowded street with many people in the background .
two boys are playing in a pool .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a tub of water .
two men talking to a police officer .
children holding a sign .
a policeman talks to a police officer .
children are smiling .
two children standing together .
two children holding hands and holding up signs .
two children smiling .
two children holding up signs .
three men talking to each other .
two people are standing next to a wall .
a girl is eating food .
a man and a woman are reading a book .
a group of swimmers on the beach .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man does a skateboard trick on a bicycle .
a band performs on stage .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is playing a guitar while a crowd watches .
two men are at a park .
three people are standing outside .
two boys riding skateboards .
three men are sitting on the curb .
people sitting outside .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
two dogs playing with a toy in the snow .
people riding bikes .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young girl laughing .
a woman smiling at the camera .
a girl is looking away from the camera .
two adults and a baby are walking together .
a woman stands in front of a man and a woman .
three people are looking at something .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman stands in front of a man and a child .
a woman with glasses is holding a baby .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man is sliding down a hill .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
a boy sliding down a slide .
two men playing baseball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man playing baseball at a baseball game .
a group of people leaning against a fence .
three women leaning against a metal fence .
three women are leaning on a fence .
three women are leaning against a fence looking at a fence .
three women are walking down the street .
three people standing in front of a parking lot .
a group of women standing outside .
two women are dressed in black .
three women standing next to a parking meter .
a group of women are dancing in a marathon .
three women are standing outside .
construction workers are working at work .
a man walking down a street .
a woman is climbing a rock .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
two people sitting next to a white building .
a toddler is wearing a white shirt .
people are standing in front of a building .
a man and woman are walking down the street .
swimmers are swimming .
a bird is floating on the water .
a bird flies through the air .
a scuba diver diving into the water .
a bird flies through the air .
a bird flies through the water .
a person riding a bike .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man sitting on a stool .
two men are talking to each other .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in front of a group of people .
a man is looking at the camera .
a man is sitting on a stool .
a man is looking at something .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a man sitting on a stool .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a dog walks through a creek .
a group of people riding bikes .
a boy in a coat stands next to water .
a boy is carrying a plastic bag .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a cowboy riding a horse .
two men standing next to train tracks .
a woman and a woman are playing with a dog .
a group of people on a boat .
people are surfing a wave .
people enjoying the beach .
a group of people riding on the beach .
a woman and a little girl are playing outside .
a group of girls are posing for a picture .
a man holding a drink .
a man standing on a platform looking at a large crane .
a dog jumps over a fence .
three people are in front of a white wall .
a crane in a building .
a crane in a construction site .
a man is sitting at a sewing machine at a sewing machine .
a man in a white hat holding a white hat .
two people are jumping in the air .
a cowboy in a cowboy hat , cowboy cowboy hat , cowboy hat , cowboy hat , cowboy hat and cowboy hat .
a hot air balloon with a hot air balloon .
two black and white dogs are outside .
two black and white dogs are outside .
people are working on a hot air balloon .
a group of teenagers are smiling .
a black dog is playing with a rope .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a girl is holding a piece of paper at a table .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog playing with a toy .
a black and white dog is brushing his teeth .
two men are sitting on the edge of a lake .
a small boy plays with a toy .
two people are walking down the street .
a child is playing soccer .
a girl is laying on her face .
a boy throwing a ball .
people are eating .
two children smile for the camera .
two people competing in a sporting event .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two children smile at the camera .
a biker is fixing his bike .
two men fighting .
two men competing in a wrestling match .
a group of people watching a fight .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
two wrestlers in a boxing match .
a group of bicyclists wait at a crosswalk .
two men are riding on a scaffold .
three people riding bikes .
three people riding bikes .
two people are waiting to cross the street .
a bike rider rides a bike .
two people are sitting in front of a red brick building .
two boys playing outside .
a group of bicyclists cross the street .
two women are sewing .
two women working on crafts .
three women are sitting at a table .
women are knitting .
a kid skating in a skate park .
a woman in a pink dress is walking down the street carrying an umbrella .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a woman holding a umbrella .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two football players are tackling each other .
a group of people gathered around a fire .
a group of people are in a cage .
two men playing tug of war .
a group of people playing tug of war .
a dog is looking at a tennis ball .
two dogs are running .
a dog is looking at something in its mouth .
a dog is looking at something .
a brown and white dog is playing with a ball in the air .
a black and white dog jumps up to catch a ball in the air .
people racing down a street .
a dog holds a bird .
four football players on the grass .
two cowboys riding horses .
girls wearing pink and blue uniforms .
two men are in the water .
a woman looking at a dolphin .
a woman watches as a woman watches .
a young girl in a tank top is looking out of a telescope .
a woman is leaning against a large aquarium .
a group of people watching a video game .
a woman looking at something .
a young girl on a ride .
a child swings at a carnival .
a child in a red shirt rides a wave .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of firemen are standing outside .
a man working on a project .
firemen at a construction site .
two firemen are looking at the camera .
a cowboy tries to lasso a bull .
a truck driving down the street .
two men are working on the side of a building .
firefighters take a break from the water .
two women shoveling snow .
a group of people at a market .
a man is walking down the street .
two people standing on a hillside .
a doctor performing a surgery .
a person wearing a hat .
a bull at a rodeo .
a child rides a wave .
workers in orange vests and hard hats .
a person is standing on the edge of a pier .
two men are walking down the street .
two men wearing orange suits .
two men are working on a dirt road .
two men are shoveling snow .
men working in the snow .
men in orange vests are working in the snow .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
two men on railroad tracks .
two men working on a project .
two construction workers are working on railroad tracks .
men working in the snow .
two men shoveling snow .
two men are standing outside .
two men shoveling snow .
two men are shoveling snow .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder is doing a trick in a store .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a little boy holds a bowl in his mouth .
a man in a blue jacket is walking down the street .
a boy chases a kite .
a child is running through the grass .
people walking down the street .
a child is holding hands .
a little boy and a little girl are walking .
a young boy walking .
a child is eating .
people are playing instruments .
a man sits on a boat in the sun .
people playing instruments .
a woman playing tennis .
a boy is chasing a bird .
a child jumping on a trampoline .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a white dog runs towards a yellow ball .
a young man wearing a blue shirt .
a bicyclist wearing a helmet .
a man playing the drums .
a dog playing with a toy .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
a group of people in an office .
two men are working in an office .
two soldiers are in a circle .
a man in a military uniform .
two soldiers are looking at something on a table .
a person holding a camera .
a group of people looking over a ledge .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman and a woman sit on a ledge .
people at an outdoor event .
a child on a playground .
people are waiting to cross the street .
a boy is playing soccer .
a boy walking down the sidewalk .
a little boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is playing soccer .
a boy walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a suit stands in front of a podium .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is holding a statue .
a man in a city .
a man standing in a plaza .
a person in a plaza .
a man in a white shirt is holding a statue of a statue .
a person wearing a white and white striped shirt poses in front of a statue .
a person stands in front of a statue .
a man is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man and a child are looking at a tree .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a young man is doing a handstand .
a child is playing with a christmas tree .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing a video game .
a boy in pajamas smiles .
a little boy is standing in front of a tree .
a child is walking down the street .
a child wearing a hat .
a man and woman drinking water .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band performs at an outdoor concert .
a soccer player in a blue shirt is running .
teenagers having fun .
a man sits by a blue wall .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is taking a break .
a group of people riding bikes .
a large crowd of people watching something .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man sits in front of a computer .
a boy doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of people playing football .
a man is standing next to a bus .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a tree .
people are standing near a body of water .
a person riding a bike .
two men are looking at fish .
a woman plays with a child .
a woman is reading a book outside .
girls dancing in a classroom .
children looking at a window .
a dog is drinking from water .
a woman walking down the street .
a snow covered mountain .
a person running down the street .
a runner running in the rain .
people walking along a street .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a person swimming in the water .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
two children eating ice cream .
a skateboarder is skating .
a black and white dog jumping into the air .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man smiling .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
two dogs in the snow .
a skier on the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two young women hugging each other .
two dogs are looking at each other .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people at a party .
a baby is laughing .
a baby sits next to a cat .
a baby is holding a cat .
a baby is playing with a cat .
a baby is holding a cat .
two hockey players are fighting .
hockey players are fighting .
hockey players are playing hockey .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
a man and a woman sing on stage .
a man playing a guitar and singing on stage .
two men are playing guitars and singing .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a man sits in front of a blue door .
a man is sitting in front of a blue door .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a pole .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of children are standing on stage in front of a group of children .
a group of men in white shirts .
two men are working on a building .
two men are standing next to each other .
a group of people riding bikes .
people walking down the street .
three people are riding on a path .
a group of people riding bikes .
three people riding bikes down the street .
a white dog is chasing a frisbee .
people riding bikes .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a softball player slides into home plate in a home .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man is laughing .
two girls , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt .
a group of people playing a board game .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man with a blue shirt and a woman in a plaid shirt and a woman in a plaid shirt .
a group of people playing basketball .
a group of people playing a game .
a skier flies over a cliff .
people are walking on a dirt road .
a man and a woman are at the beach .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth .
men competing in a race .
two men are walking down a city street .
three men running a race .
three runners are jumping on a track with two other people .
three men are jumping .
two men racing in a race .
a man is walking past two men .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing in a crowd .
a snowboarder doing a jump .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a group of people looking at something .
a boy in a backpack walks next to a little boy .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is talking to a young boy .
a man is walking on the side of a street while people walk by .
a man is talking to a young boy .
a man and a boy walk down a street .
two young men are walking down the street .
a young woman and a young boy are posing .
people playing instruments .
a boy walking down the street .
a man is holding a microphone .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is talking to someone .
a man playing a guitar .
three people playing basketball on a basketball court .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in an orange robe is smiling .
a man with a blue shirt and a blue shirt with a blue shirt on .
a man wearing a white shirt .
a bald man wearing a white robe .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a bald man in a robe is wearing a robe .
a man in a robe is looking at his microphone .
the brown dog is running on the beach .
a woman is standing in front of food .
a woman in red .
a woman selling food .
a black and white dog is running .
a golden retriever runs on the grass .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs on the grass .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a woman is getting ready to dance .
a woman with her face painted .
two teams playing hockey .
people walking down a street .
a team of volleyball players getting ready for the ball .
a woman in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people are doing work .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog stands in the ocean .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
three men on a soccer field .
an old man and a woman walking down the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is juggling knives .
a young boy is sitting on a stool reading a book .
people walking down a street .
a group of runners running .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people crossing the street .
a runner is about to cross a marathon .
a group of people running by the camera .
men working on scaffolding .
construction workers are working on the side of a building .
construction workers laying down cement cement .
construction workers repairing railroad tracks .
a construction worker stands next to a construction site .
a man in a military uniform is waving .
a man working on a project .
a little boy runs to catch a ball .
a man is playing the accordion outside .
a group of people in black shirts are talking .
a man is playing the accordion .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball .
a woman is swimming in the water .
two young boys playing basketball .
a woman wearing a sweater .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is holding a bottle of water in the water .
a woman in a brown jacket is sitting on a bench .
a woman is jumping into the water .
a woman stands on the beach .
a group of people walking through a park .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
children in blue shirts are playing soccer .
people walking down the street .
a brown dog running .
a child is fishing from the side of the road .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two women are looking at the water .
two girls are looking at the water .
a young girl taking a picture .
a woman in a white dress is dancing .
two girls are smiling .
a boy is reading a book .
a person on a motorcycle .
a young man wearing sunglasses and a white shirt is reading a book .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a man playing baseball .
a man stands at a sports stadium .
baseball player playing baseball .
a woman wearing a dress .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a man shooting a gun .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young man in a blue shirt is holding a gun .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a man is holding a gun .
a man holding a gun .
a man is shooting a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is making a face .
a man is throwing a rifle .
a man looking at a microscope .
two men are standing next to a microscope .
a man is cutting a piece of wood .
two men , one wearing a hat and the other in a black coat , are looking at a microscope .
a man looking through a microscope .
a man in a military uniform looks through a microscope .
soldiers are standing in front of a firetruck .
a group of people looking through a microscope .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is sitting by a fountain .
a man relaxing in a chair .
a man with a beard is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man sitting on a bench .
a boy is riding a boat .
a woman is riding a bike .
a person running down the street .
a woman running .
a woman running down the street .
a child in a green and green striped shirt .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street with a bag .
a woman in a pink dress is walking .
a person in a blue shirt is walking through a city .
a woman riding a scooter .
a woman is riding a scooter .
a woman in a pink dress is riding down a road .
a group of people are outside .
a man is reading a machine .
a man sitting in a chair .
a child is playing in the sand .
two girls looking at the camera .
people sitting on a bench .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a person is looking at a monument .
a girl is taking a picture .
two children pose for a picture in the distance .
two children posing for a picture .
a group of children are posing for a picture .
a group of children sitting at desks .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on an orange mat .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a butcher stands in front of a store .
four people sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is crossing the street .
a person riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
people walking down a street .
a person riding a bike .
a man jumping off his bike .
a man in a car .
a little girl is riding a bicycle .
a woman in a white shirt is bending over .
a little girl wearing a green shirt is doing a handstand on her hands .
a woman sleeps in front of a car .
a group of people are listening to music .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is holding a shopping bag .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
construction workers are working on a road .
an older man standing outside of a store .
a child holding a camera .
a group of people are walking .
a man and a boy are playing in the yard .
a man working on a machine .
two construction workers are digging a hole .
a man in a blue hat is looking at something while another man looks on .
two men digging a hole in a hole .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a sign .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman in a park in a park .
a woman walking on the grass .
a group of people are standing in the grass .
a boy and a child look at the airplane .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a park .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
a man is playing with water .
a girl hitting a volleyball .
a group of people playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a crowd of people in a city .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two people are walking down a sidewalk .
students preparing food for a meal .
a girl with a black shirt on .
a group of students sitting in a kitchen .
three young men are cooking .
people preparing food on a kitchen counter .
a man stands in front of a bus .
people buying food .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is looking at a camera .
children swimming in a lake .
a man is sitting on the street .
a man in a white shirt and black pants .
a man playing a guitar .
people walking down the street .
a teenager is holding a guitar .
people swimming in the water .
two children are playing in the grass .
a couple riding a bike .
two men are standing on a boat .
people riding bikes .
a person is hanging upside down .
a woman is posing for a picture at the beach .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a boy and girl walking down the street .
people swimming in a pool .
a young boy looking at a tiger .
a band performs on stage .
a group of young boys wearing backpacks .
people riding on a bicycle .
two hockey players are wrestling .
a woman is cooking a meal in a restaurant .
a woman is cooking a meal .
a woman is cooking .
an older woman is smiling .
a woman is cooking vegetables .
a woman is cooking food .
an asian woman is cooking .
a woman in an apron is cooking .
an asian woman is cooking with her daughter in front of a mirror .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman cooking in a kitchen .
a woman is preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a child jumping into a pool .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a person is doing a jump in the air .
a woman looking at the camera .
a woman looking at the camera .
a boy in a blue shirt jumping in the air .
a band is playing for a crowd .
military soldiers dressed in military military uniforms hold guns .
a group of soldiers are performing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
children walking down the street .
children walking in a crowd .
a group of children playing outside .
a group of children walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people gather outside .
a man working on a roof .
a construction worker is standing outside .
a worker with a beard .
a man is fixing a telephone pole .
a fireman is walking under a firetruck .
a firefighter walks under a red car .
a fireman standing in a parking lot .
a fireman standing next to a firetruck .
a man on a construction site .
a man is skiing down a mountain with mountains in the background .
a person rides a wave .
a person in a blue life vest is snowboarding .
a person surfing in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man speaking to a group of people .
children playing outside .
two girls are looking at each other .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a young man in a black shirt is climbing a wooden structure .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder in a park .
a man in a blue uniform doing a trick .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man cutting food in a kitchen .
a man surfing a wave .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a group of women are performing a routine .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
two women are holding hands .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is standing next to a tree next to a tree .
a woman stands under a tree .
a woman is checking her phone under a tree .
a group of children in blue swimming trunks .
a boy is jumping into the water .
children swimming in a pool .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a couple looking at a board .
a young man and woman are playing outside .
a woman in a kitchen kitchen .
people playing basketball .
a woman and a man are playing a board game .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people riding bikes .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man is running towards a woman .
a woman is cleaning a table .
a group of men are standing outside .
construction workers working on a project .
construction workers working at night .
a worker working at night at night .
construction workers working on fire .
construction workers working at night .
workers work at night at night .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
people enjoying the beach .
a group of people enjoying the beach .
people enjoying the beach at the beach .
people are standing in the ocean .
five people are standing outside .
a boy in a field .
a young man is sitting in a tree .
a man is working on a laptop .
a man is using a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is singing .
a man in a suit is holding a microphone .
three people are walking through the woods .
people are walking by a building .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a man stands on the side of a building .
the construction workers are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are eating .
a man taking a picture .
a man holding a camera .
a man taking a picture .
a man taking a picture .
a man taking a picture .
a group of friends having a conversation .
a group of dogs are having a conversation .
two puppies having a conversation .
two people kissing each other .
two nurses are working on the floor .
a group of employees are working together .
this is a picture of a white lab .
two nurses are looking at something .
two nurses are looking at something .
a group of people are standing on the ground .
people walking down the street .
a crowd of people are walking .
a crowd of people in a parade .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a group of people are working on a project .
this is a picture of a building .
a man is painting a building .
this is a picture of a building .
this is a picture of a group of people .
a group of people sitting in chairs .
a group of people are standing around a sign .
two people are standing in front of a sign .
two police officers at a protest .
a group of people are standing outside .
a police officer is looking at the camera .
a group of people are watching a game .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a group of people in front of an audience .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two children playing on a slide .
children playing soccer .
two children in a lake .
a group of people at a restaurant .
two dogs running on a track .
a woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a red shirt is preparing food .
a worker in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a man is working on a train .
a group of people playing instruments .
people at a restaurant .
a child is holding a present .
a person is holding something .
a family is enjoying dinner .
a person is making a funny face .
a group of people working together .
a man in a wetsuit is swinging on a rope above a lake .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a man is swinging on a rope into a lake .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man and woman in a building .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman are sitting in a large room .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a stage .
a man is cutting wood with a hammer .
a man cutting wood with a saw .
two men cutting wood .
a woman in a white shirt is applying mascara .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman in a white dress is holding her hand .
a street vendor selling food .
two firefighters loading a truck .
construction workers carry wood .
two firemen are standing next to a firetruck .
two men are walking behind a firetruck .
a person running in a race .
two men are working on a truck .
a woman is jogging through a race .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a couple walking .
a person wearing a helmet .
a little boy in a brown dress and a girl in a brown dress walk past a computer .
a woman is standing in front of a tree .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
two asian people shopping at a market .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt walking .
a group of people are sitting on a stone wall .
a woman walking down the street with a purse .
a woman doing a jump in midair .
a woman poses for a picture in a park .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a small group of people are watching a ship .
a man is dancing .
a man working on a computer .
a man wearing glasses is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a man is taking a drink from a glass .
a man wearing glasses .
a man is holding glasses in his hands .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man is looking at something .
a man working in a workshop .
an older man is looking at something in his hands .
a man and woman are crossing a street .
a man pushes a cart .
four young women posing for a picture .
a woman dancing on a stage .
a baseball player wearing a red and white uniform is standing on a baseball field .
two men walking in the rain .
a woman is smiling at the camera .
two girls are blowing bubbles on a birthday cake .
a little girl is blowing bubbles .
a woman serving a birthday cake .
a young child giving a birthday .
a little girl playing on a swing .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a raft in the water .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman sweeps leaves .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a green shirt is playing in the yard .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a girl and a dog are playing outside .
a group of people walking down a street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench with a dog on her lap .
a woman sitting on a bench with a dog next to her .
a woman with a dog on her head .
a woman and a dog are kissing .
a woman drinking coffee with a dog .
a group of people sitting around a table .
three men walking down the street .
a man sitting on a boat .
a man in a black shirt is shoveling snow .
a group of women holding hands .
a child with painted face painted face paint .
a group of women are drilling something .
a man in a blue shirt painting a picture .
a woman with red hair is talking to a man in a red shirt .
a boy wearing a blue cap and blue cap is brushing his teeth .
a little boy is brushing his teeth .
a boy is vacuuming the floor .
two girls are playing volleyball .
a man shooting a gun .
a dirt bike rider flies through the air .
a man serving food .
a motorcycle racer is racing on a motorcycle .
a man with a beard is standing next to a man with glasses .
a woman holding a tray of food .
people walking down a street .
a man on a dirt bike .
a band is performing .
a marching band in a marching band .
a band playing in a band .
a group of teenagers are marching on a field at night .
a marching band is performing .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people wearing costumes .
people are walking down a city street .
people are walking outside .
people walking down a city street .
people walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bus .
people walking down the street .
a bus sits on a bus .
a man is standing outside .
a man poses for a picture .
a female gymnast gets his haircut .
two men fishing on the beach .
a small brown dog in a field .
two men are sitting at a table .
two people fighting .
a child is standing next to a tree .
people are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is dancing .
two people dancing .
three girls are playing in a park .
people are knitting .
people are laughing .
a group of young people enjoy a party .
people are sitting at a table .
a man is singing .
people are standing in the woods .
three women in formal attire .
an african american man is standing on a ladder .
a man is sitting on a bench .
people walking down the street .
a woman in black and white is walking through a crowd .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man is throwing a ball on a track .
two children playing soccer on a soccer field .
people sitting at computers .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
soccer players are playing soccer .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a pitcher prepares to throw a baseball .
a football player in red and white .
a football player tries to tackle the player .
a pitcher prepares to throw a ball .
a child in a swimming pool .
a baseball pitcher stands on the mound .
a girl in a black bikini sits on a chair .
a woman is smiling .
a female athlete wearing a red and white uniform .
a man giving a presentation to a crowd of people .
people wearing mask .
people walking down the street .
people walking on the street .
a group of people are gathered outside of a building .
a group of people wearing masks are holding signs .
a crowd of people holding signs .
three girls are playing on the beach .
a black and white dog is walking through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog carries a stick .
a man looking through a telescope .
a man is looking through a telescope in a telescope .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a telescope .
a man is using a telescope .
a man and a child are looking through a telescope .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a father and his son are watching a plane .
a person looking through a telescope .
a person catching a frisbee .
a person playing tennis .
a person playing frisbee .
a person in a blue shirt is trying to catch a frisbee .
a person in a yellow shirt jumps into the air to catch a frisbee in the air .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a baseball player is jumping to catch a red cone .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a man catching a frisbee .
a man is looking at a box .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people sitting at a restaurant .
people eating at a restaurant .
people sitting at tables .
a man rides a bike .
a young woman in a blue coat is getting ready to walk down a city street .
a young lady in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a woman taking a picture of a building .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman is walking into a building .
a woman is standing outside .
a man is sitting at a table .
two men are playing guitars .
a group of people dancing .
women playing volleyball .
a child playing tennis .
a group of musicians are playing on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is playing basketball .
four girls playing volleyball .
a young boy walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays in the grass .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is sweeping a street .
a man is standing in front of a large window .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
a woman is smiling .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
two men are playing the drums in front of a group of people .
men playing drums in the street .
a band is playing music .
two dogs are jumping in the air .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs chasing a ball .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a group of hikers taking pictures .
firefighters walking down the street .
a man playing frisbee .
people standing on the sidewalk .
two men are standing outside .
two firemen walking down the street .
two firemen walk down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people standing near a road .
people walking past buildings .
people walking through a crowded area .
people walking through the street .
people walking down the street .
a city street with buildings in the background .
a woman is looking at a child while a man watches .
a group of people are having fun .
a girl is looking at a woman .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a girl is holding a rope .
a woman is taking a break from a container .
two people sitting on chairs .
a man talking on a cellphone .
old man working on a farm .
an old man is digging a hole on a sunny day .
a man is preparing a garden .
a man is getting ready to go .
a bearded man with a beard is pulling his garden .
an old man is working on a farm .
an old man is looking at something .
an old man with a beard and a beard is using a jackhammer .
two men are posing for a picture .
two men loading trash .
two men are standing outside .
a group of men are standing in front of a green truck , while people are standing in the background .
a dog walking on the grass .
a dog in the grass .
a white dog is running on the grass .
a white dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man holding a glass glass .
two people are hugging each other at a train station .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a surfer rides a wave .
a young man rides a skateboard on a sunny day .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a person flies through the air .
a person in a yellow shirt is jumping .
a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a man standing outside a building .
a man smiling .
a man is looking at something .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person standing outside .
a boy is standing in a pile of leaves .
a man holding a stick .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two wrestlers wrestling .
three people are standing in the snow .
a man is standing in a barber shop .
an asian man is blowing bubbles in a wooden tub .
a performer performs a trick in front of a crowd .
a man drinking a beer .
a man drinking a beer .
a young man drinking a beer .
a group of protesters holding a banner .
a man is walking down the street .
people riding on a street .
people racing on a track .
four people are rollerskating .
a group of people riding bikes in the road .
four people on skateboards .
a man working with food .
a dirt bike jumps dirt .
a person is walking down a street .
a man riding a mountain bike .
a person is walking down the street .
a person rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock .
a person is climbing up a rock face .
a person rock climbing .
a person on a large cliff .
a person rock climbing .
a climber rock climbing .
a climber rock climbing .
a rock climber hangs from a rope on a rope .
a rock climber hangs from a rope .
people are walking around a building .
a woman in a red dress holding a crowd .
a person jumping off a cliff into a cliff .
a child jumps over a fence .
a group of children holding hands .
a man is standing in a market .
a man in a market .
a man at a market .
a man looks at a market .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
a man in a white t shirt and denim shorts is smiling .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy jumping in the air .
people walking down a street .
a group of people hanging out .
a man smiling .
a man on a cellphone .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
people sitting on the sidewalk .
a woman stands behind a bar .
a woman with brown hair is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a swimming pool .
a girl is pulling a boat through the water .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a person is pulling a raft into the water .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a man and a woman are kissing .
two women working together .
a person wearing a blue outfit .
a family enjoying the day .
family taking a picture .
three men are cooking .
a construction worker is welding .
a man is welding .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a yellow shirt holding a chainsaw .
a group of men are working on computers .
a group of men playing basketball .
four men are talking to each other .
children playing tug of war .
a woman holding a little boy .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a boat in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a small boat .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
the people are passing by a boat .
people wearing costumes .
a group of women are gathering .
a person walking across the street .
a baby is crying .
a woman standing outside .
a woman wearing a black and white dress walks across the street .
a woman crossing the street .
a woman is crossing the street .
a woman is walking down the street with a bag on the street .
a man carries a bag .
a man is walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a tourist taking a break .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is standing next to a car .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man is jumping on the side of the road .
a blond woman in a crowded city street .
a woman is eating .
a person sitting outside at night .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman walking with a cane .
two girls playing in the ocean .
a group of people are walking outside .
two girls playing outside .
two girls jump in the air .
a girl jumping in the water .
a girl running into the ocean .
a girl is jumping into the ocean .
a girl jumping in the ocean .
a girl is jumping .
a young girl is reaching for the sky .
a girl on a beach .
a girl on a beach .
a little girl in a pink shirt is dancing .
a girl jumping on the beach .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
a person on a beach .
a dog is looking at something .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man stands in a museum .
people standing in front of a store .
a dog swims through the water .
a dog plays in the water .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men are standing next to a car .
two people are inspecting an accident .
three football players are running .
a football player is looking up .
two girls playing outside .
two boys riding skateboards .
two people looking up .
two women talking to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a giant box .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on his cellphone .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a man kissing a woman .
a couple kissing with a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a man is doing a trick on the grass .
a group of people are standing around .
a woman is holding a shopping bag .
a man fishing .
a man sitting on a chair .
a man in a canoe in a canoe .
two men are sitting in a barber shop .
a man making bread .
a man is sitting next to a man wearing a blue shirt .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men are hanging out .
two men are having a conversation .
a man sleeping on a couch .
two men working at a counter .
two people working at a counter .
a man is sleeping on a couch .
a man is taking a break .
two men in a room .
a woman in a blue shirt is trying to put on a fire .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
an elderly woman smoking a cigarette .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men are sitting on a bench .
three men are sitting in the shade .
three men are standing in front of a building .
three men are talking to each other .
two men , one wearing a gray and white shirt and the other wearing a brown and white striped shirt and the other in a striped shirt , and a man in a white shirt and white pants .
two women talking to each other .
a young boy in a blue shirt talking to an older man .
a man is teaching a young boy .
a woman is reaching for food .
a parade in a parade .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a child wearing a plaid shirt and blue jeans .
a boy plays with bubbles in a field .
a young girl is blowing bubbles with bubbles .
a group of men playing instruments .
a band plays the drums .
soldiers playing instruments .
people playing instruments .
four men are sitting at a table .
a person wearing a white hat and a white hat is holding a knife .
a girl in a pink dress dances .
a woman wearing a pink dress .
a bull is being thrown by a bull .
a woman picking snow .
a man is cooking .
a man preparing food .
a man is fixing something .
a fire burning fire .
a man drinking a beer and drinking beer .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a man is working on a fire .
a man is cooking food .
a boy and girl are smiling .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person is holding food .
a band performs on stage .
two men are playing instruments .
woman working with children .
a woman with long brown hair is sitting in front of a christmas tree .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a man is sitting on a blanket .
a boy reading a book .
a boy is sitting in a chair .
a boy reading a book .
a boy reading a book .
a child is reading a book in front of a pink bin of books .
a woman using a wire .
an artist working on a balcony .
a woman is painting on a balcony .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman is painting on a balcony .
a woman painting a painting .
a woman is walking across a bridge .
a woman crossing a bridge .
a man climbing a ladder .
two people are talking .
two men are having a meal .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting at a table .
two people are eating dinner .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black dog is running in a field .
two dogs running in a field .
three dogs play in the grass .
three dogs play in the snow .
a baby is holding a broom .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
a person swinging on a swing .
a group of people walking down the street .
a mother and son are playing outside .
a woman is laying down on a rug .
a mother and her daughter swinging on a swing .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a woman riding a scooter .
two dogs playing tug of war .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl in a pink shirt is riding a skateboard .
two dogs play in the water .
a smiling child smiling .
a child in a green shirt is standing on a rock .
a couple kissing .
a child is holding something .
a child smiling .
a man in an orange shirt gives a speech .
a dog leaps to catch a ball .
cyclist riding bike .
a man rides a bicycle down the street .
a person riding a bicycle down a red ramp .
a busy city street .
a cyclist on a bike .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a child rides a swing .
a woman wearing black .
people walking down the street .
a child is watching a child on a ride .
a woman sitting in a train car .
a baby is sitting in a highchair .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman is looking at something .
a little boy in a blue shirt swings a soccer ball at a soccer ball .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a boy playing soccer .
a band plays in a band .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man in a backpack hiking through the snow .
a hiker stands in the snow .
a hiker stands in the snow .
a hiker walks through the snow .
a man playing golf .
a woman playing tennis .
a band plays in front of a stage .
a dog is standing in front of a large body of water .
a woman is walking away from home .
people walking down a city street .
a woman is walking in a city square .
a woman is walking her dog .
two young women are smiling .
two women are standing next to a red car .
two girls playing outside .
two people are standing in front of a van .
two women posing for a photo .
two children playing volleyball on the beach .
a football game with a football game .
a bird flies through the water .
a football player on a football field .
a large white bird in the air .
a football player is standing next to a football player .
a swan in the water .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a boat .
two women talking .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man juggling fire .
a man is playing tennis .
a woman is looking at a fruit stand .
a man in a clown costume is holding a gun .
an elderly woman walking down the street .
an elderly man wearing a hat and a hat is standing at a store .
a man is looking at his shoes .
a person wearing a hat .
a man is giving a speech .
a man in a clown nose .
a man in a red shirt and yellow pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a man wearing a clown costume .
a man wearing a clown costume .
a woman with long hair is holding a tennis racket .
a woman is getting a tattoo .
a man stands behind a black haired woman .
a man is playing the trumpet .
a man on a stage .
a man and woman are walking down the street .
a boy is standing on his leg .
a woman in a black jacket and a man in a black jacket walk .
a man and woman carrying food .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a young girl holding a camera .
a woman sitting in a chair in a chair .
a man working on a train .
a man is walking on the street .
a group of people in a city .
people are walking through a shopping center .
a man is working on scaffolding .
several people are looking through vegetables .
three people are looking at produce .
two men are working on a truck .
two people standing in front of a truck .
two young women are looking at vegetables and smiling .
a truck is selling fruit on a truck .
two hikers are wearing black clothes .
two hikers are sitting on a bench .
two people hiking through the snow .
two hikers resting on a mountain .
two hikers on a mountain .
people walking down a street .
two people are standing on a cliff .
a snow covered mountain .
two people standing next to each other .
two people on a snowy mountain .
two people standing at the edge of a cliff in the snow .
people standing around a truck .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a construction worker wearing a safety vest .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man working on a roof .
a smiling man is smiling .
a man and a woman are picking up trash from a dumpster .
a group of children are digging in a garbage bin .
four people are looking through garbage cans .
a group of children are digging through a garbage container .
a man and a woman are at the edge of the street .
four people are walking down the street .
children are gathered around a barrel .
three children playing with a barrel .
two nurses are looking at the camera .
a man playing tennis .
a dog is sitting on the grass .
a woman is surfing a wave .
a woman is swimming in the water .
a dog on a hill .
a woman is jumping into a swimming pool .
a dog is standing on a hill .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is sitting on the grass with its legs crossed .
a brown and brown dog is biting a brown puppy .
a brown dog sits on the grass .
a dog is sitting on a hill .
a woman is holding a purse .
a woman with a backpack is walking down a city street .
a woman is walking down a street .
a woman is walking down the street carrying a large purse .
a woman walking in a hallway in a hallway .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a building .
a woman is walking through a hallway .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl playing tennis .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
two children wearing blue shirts .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play with each other .
a dog running in the grass .
a man is writing on a piece of paper .
a man sitting at a desk reading a book .
a man is writing with a pen .
a man is writing on a piece of paper .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a group of people dancing .
a chef prepares to sell food .
a man is cooking meat .
a chef preparing food in front of a grill .
a man in a black apron stands next to a grill .
a man in an apron stands next to a food stand .
a man poses for a picture .
two children are playing in the sand .
a person is walking through the woods .
a person jumping in the woods .
a person in a wooded area .
a person is jumping into a lake .
a person jumping in the woods .
a woman walking along a path .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is playing an instrument .
a man playing an accordion .
a man playing a guitar .
a little girl is drawing a baby .
a little girl is drawing by a baby .
two children are playing tug of war .
two men in yellow jackets are outside .
a young girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
two boys playing with a train .
a group of young boys wearing blue shirts .
a little boy wearing a blue shirt .
two little boys play in the grass .
two men in front of a chalkboard .
three people are standing together .
three people are having a conversation .
two men are playing frisbee .
two men having a conversation .
a fireman in the middle of a fire .
two men pose for a picture .
two people are wrestling .
two men are at night .
two men wearing aprons are sitting at a campfire .
two men wearing glasses are sitting at a stand .
two men wearing glasses .
people standing in the sand .
a man is writing a candle .
two people are walking down the street .
people at an event .
a man working on fire .
two dogs running on a field .
a child wearing a helmet .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
two people are looking at a motorcycle .
a group of men are working at a lab .
a father helps his son how to fix his wheel .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of children are opening presents .
two boys play a video game .
two men are playing a video game .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man and a woman are playing tennis .
two men playing basketball .
two motorcyclists are racing .
people playing in water .
people competing in a race .
an older man in a blue shirt is running .
people swimming .
two men are walking down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is doing work .
a boy wearing goggles .
a young student is working on a project .
a child is using a cellphone .
a child is holding hands .
a man playing a guitar .
a person is performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a middle aged man is singing into a microphone .
a man singing on a stage .
a singer playing the violin .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man playing the drums .
two employees are standing in front of a market .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man in a white shirt plays the drums .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog climbs up a lake .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
two people playing instruments .
a boy in a striped shirt is walking on a man 's shoulders .
a group of people in a river .
a small child is playing with fabric .
men posing for a picture .
a boy swings on a swing .
three men in an art gallery .
a child in a swing .
two men in a room .
three men are standing in a room .
two men standing next to each other while another man stands behind them .
two men are looking at the camera .
three people are standing in a room .
a man is shopping .
a group of people standing outside .
people shopping in a market .
people shopping in a grocery store .
a man looking at produce .
a man is using a projector .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is waving .
a man is kissing a man .
two men are holding each other .
a man in a black shirt is performing a dance .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
people walking down the sidewalk .
two women sitting at a table looking at baby .
two women talking to each other .
a woman is holding a baby in her hair .
two women are looking at a piece of paper .
a woman is pushing a child stroller in a stroller .
a woman and a woman are getting married .
a woman is taking a break from the subway .
an elderly woman looking at produce .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman looks at produce .
a person looking at something .
a person is walking down the street .
a couple playing jena .
a girl is jumping into a pool .
a young girl playing in the water .
a girl playing in a sprinkler .
a little girl is playing outside .
a child playing in a fountain .
two dogs are playing together .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is playing in the sand .
a man in an orange shirt is jumping in the sand .
a man is playing in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is swinging on the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a handstand on the sand .
a boy is running through the grass .
a boy jumps off a sand dune .
a child is doing a flip .
a boy is doing a back flip .
a girl playing in a fountain .
two dogs walking in the water .
two dogs are running .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a band is playing instruments with their instruments .
a brown and white dog catching a frisbee .
a small dog is standing next to a dog .
a dog chases a large cow .
a dog runs on the grass .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a crowd watching a crowd .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog is looking at the water .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
hockey players are playing hockey .
two men playing soccer .
a group of people are facing each other .
two people are looking at each other .
two people in a gym .
two men are working on a train .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
people dressed in costumes .
a woman walking down the street .
two men in a gym .
two hockey players are fighting .
a woman is sitting in front of flowers .
a person looking at plants .
a woman looking at flowers .
a woman is laying on the grass .
a little girl is crying .
two children posing for a picture .
men working on scaffolding .
two young boys are laughing .
children posing for a picture .
two children are smiling .
a man in a white hat is cleaning a fountain .
a baby is sliding down a slide .
people talking to each other .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of men walking in the rain .
a group of people getting ready to dance .
a boy is learning to dance .
a man and a child are dancing .
a man is dancing in a crowd of people .
a man is practicing a dance .
a man is getting ready to dance .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping .
people walking down a street .
people walking through the rain .
people walking down the street .
people are walking down a city street .
a group of people walking on a street .
two people dancing .
two dogs are fighting .
a dog is drinking water .
a person in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a worker is driving a dirt road .
a construction crew stands in a factory .
a man working on a bulldozer .
a boy is standing on a rock .
construction workers working on construction equipment .
a child swings a bat .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a man watching a man in a suit .
a man in a black apron is cooking .
a group of men are working together .
a group of men standing in the grass .
a group of people are playing instruments .
four young women are playing instruments .
a man and a woman are playing instruments at a concert , and the man is singing into the microphone .
a group of young men dressed in white dresses .
a marching crowd of people .
people are walking in the street .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man stands in front of an american flag .
people are sitting on a train .
a man poses with his dog .
two men are fixing a car .
a dog and a man on a hill .
a group of people playing a game .
people doing yoga .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a group of women are posing for a picture .
a group of people in a city .
a lady is sleeping on a bench .
a man is lying down .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person making a face .
a woman is looking over her plate .
a group of people watching a sporting event .
women sitting on a bench .
a woman is eating .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman is eating at a restaurant .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a biker on a bmx bike .
a person walking down the street .
a person dressed in black .
a bmx biker jumps over a dirt hill .
a man and a woman are smiling .
kids playing on the beach .
a girl is standing next to a body of water .
two girls play with a little boy .
two girls are running .
a boy running in the water .
a boy is running .
children playing outside .
children playing in the water .
a child playing with a toy .
a boy is playing with a bunch of toys .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the grass .
a child playing on the floor .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a man singing on stage .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
the lead singer is playing the drums .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a dog walks down the stairs .
a boy is holding a piece of metal .
two men working on a project .
a young boy in a blue shirt is using a microphone .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
two men working on the lawn .
two men working on equipment .
a woman is trying to get a little girl .
two women hugging in front of a flag .
two men are standing on scaffolding .
a group of men standing next to each other .
a woman holding a little girl .
a group of men having fun .
a little girl is bowling .
a woman is hitting a tennis ball .
a child playing in the snow .
a child in the snow .
a child is playing in the snow .
a person poses for a picture .
a child poses in the snow .
a woman is getting ready to hit a volleyball .
a woman is holding a tennis ball over her head .
a boy is sliding down a snowy hill .
two men working on a project .
a man and woman are cooking .
a worker is welding a piece of wood .
a group of children are jumping into a body of water .
a young boy is jumping into a lake .
a man stands next to a boat .
kids playing in a park .
a young child swimming underwater .
a boy is playing a guitar .
a man cutting wood .
two people standing outside .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a couple poses for a picture .
a group of people at a bus stop .
a couple looking at the camera .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man talking to another woman .
a man is getting ready to cross the street .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
people are sitting under umbrellas .
a group of men and women are looking at green umbrellas .
a man in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is looking at something .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man walking towards an outdoor cafe .
an elderly couple sitting at a park bench .
an elderly couple taking a photo of a map .
a man is walking by an outdoor market .
a man in a blue jacket is helping another man in a wheelchair .
two boys running in a field .
two men in coats are looking at the camera .
two boys running on grass .
two boys running on the grass .
two women are standing near a body of water .
two women are digging on a beach with rocks in the background .
two women on a beach .
two women are digging on the beach .
two women are walking down the street .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a black jacket , are standing in a field .
a man and a woman are on the floor .
several people are digging in the sand .
two men work on a train .
two men are working on a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on a tractor .
a man is looking at a car .
a firefighter checking out a window .
a man is looking at a car .
a man looking at a car .
a man is looking at a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on a car .
a group of people are working .
two men are looking at an old car .
a man is fixing a car .
a man is holding a large bowl .
a young girl wearing a red dress .
a man shooting a gun .
a woman wearing a pirate costume .
a woman is applying makeup on her head .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
this is a train station .
people walking down a busy street .
many people are sitting on a train .
a group of people are working on a train .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
two women are looking at an umbrella .
three people are walking down the street .
two women on a busy street .
people dressed in costumes .
people gathered around a table .
a group of people are standing together .
two people are writing on a chalkboard .
two people are having a conversation .
a group of people are writing on books .
a woman is reading a book .
a group of people reading books .
a man playing a game of checkers .
a man and a woman are reading books .
a woman sitting on a bench .
three people are talking to each other .
a group of people talking to each other .
a motorcyclist jumps off a ramp .
two men are sitting on a couch .
a girl in a pink dress carrying a white bag .
a man is talking to a woman .
a group of people walking down the street .
two women playing on the beach .
a woman playing volleyball .
women playing volleyball .
a girl in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a volleyball game at the london olympics at the olympics .
a man at a rodeo .
a group of people holding hands .
a group of cheerleaders are practicing ballet .
a girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
girls dance in a dance class .
a cyclist performing a trick .
construction workers standing outside a building .
a woman is swimming .
people are waiting for customers .
three children are watching a young boy .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at his arm .
a man is standing in the snow .
a man is crossing an escalator .
two boys playing soccer .
three people are walking down the street while one of them is selling fruit .
a woman walking down the street .
a man walks by graffiti .
two boys are playing soccer .
two people walk by a road .
a little boy eats a treat .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man in a suit walks down the street .
two men working on a project .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people standing next to a vehicle .
a group of people standing on a bus .
a group of people standing next to a truck .
a large group of people are gathered outside a building .
a group of people are outside .
four boys are playing music .
a man is on a staircase .
a bald man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans .
a man is sitting in a chair .
people are working on a project .
a man wearing a black suit .
a crowd of people are walking .
a family is having fun .
a woman wearing a dress .
a woman crosses the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is standing in the middle of a crowded street , looking at something .
a brown and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a white dog is running in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two wrestlers wrestling in a wrestling match .
a dog is running through snow .
a bulldozer on the street .
a woman holding a young girl .
a girl is holding a stuffed animal .
a girl with a camera is carrying a camera .
a man holding a little girl .
two men are carrying a little girl .
a man and woman are riding a bus .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man digging a hole .
a boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is standing next to pigeons .
a woman stands in front of a crowd .
a group of people walking down the street .
a family is walking on the grass .
a woman looks at a woman .
a woman is looking at birds .
a girl is standing next to pigeons .
a girl in a park .
a woman at the beach .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a young woman is walking down the street .
a woman running down the street .
two teams are competing in a game .
a young child rides a skateboard .
three men playing hockey on an ice rink .
a woman on a beach .
a snowboarder does a trick on a snowboard .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
two people are sitting in a vehicle .
a woman wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a little girl is sitting on a rocky trail .
women standing in front of trees .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman sitting in a boat .
a man is kissing a dog .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk in front of people .
a child is kneeling down .
a boy is holding up his hands .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy is smiling .
a child is sliding down a slide .
a woman wearing a dress .
three dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs play with a ball .
three dogs chasing a ball .
two dogs in the grass .
young men are performing .
people looking at a street vendor .
people shopping at a market .
a person wearing a red jacket .
a man is diving into a swimming pool .
a man is walking down the street .
a large rock covered rock .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a group of hikers are laying on the ground .
two men working on a project .
a person poses for a picture .
a person is walking down the street .
a man stands in a park .
people walking down a street .
a group of people sitting at a bar .
three people sitting at a table .
people working in a kitchen .
a man rides a motorcycle in front of a building .
a man and a woman are looking at a fish .
a child holding a child .
people looking at fish at an aquarium .
a woman looking at a fish .
a woman in a tank top looking at a fish .
two men fighting .
a group of children are gathered outside .
a man on a wall painting a picture on a wall .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a woman rides a bicycle .
a woman in a black shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman rides a bike past the camera .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman on a bicycle .
a group of children playing outside .
a red car drives on a bridge .
a person crossing the street .
a man is sitting in a red car .
a young child on a motorcycle .
a person on a motorcycle .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is snowboarding .
a man wearing a white shirt .
two young men smiling .
a person is holding hands .
a man playing an accordion .
a woman buying yarn .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a dress is talking to a woman in a dress .
a woman selling yarn .
a woman in a green shirt is selling vegetables .
a woman is buying yarn from another woman .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman selling goods on the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is selling yarn .
two women talking .
two men are standing next to each other .
a band performs on stage .
a man is playing the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing drums .
an older man and a woman are playing instruments .
a man in a black shirt plays the drums .
two men playing guitars .
a man is playing a guitar .
a street scene with a camera .
a group of people are outside .
two people are singing .
two men are playing the drums .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a microphone .
a young girl jumping off the ground .
a group of people standing outside .
men walking down the street .
a man selling food on the street .
a man wearing a hat stands next to a food stand .
an elderly woman working on a loom .
a lady walking down the street .
a young man wearing a colorful jacket .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
a man standing in a doorway .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
a man is holding his hand .
an old man wearing a white cap and a white cap .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man is pulling a cart .
a man wearing glasses and a white shirt is putting under a sign .
a worker wearing protective gear .
a child looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt stands next to a cart full of garbage .
a man in a plaid shirt is pushing a cart .
a man cleaning garbage .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people gather in the air .
a group of people standing on a platform .
a team is celebrating a game .
a group of men in white shirts celebrating a game .
two people are swimming .
a native american man in a black shirt sings into a microphone .
a man playing the drums and singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man holding a fishing pole .
a man is holding a chainsaw .
a person is cleaning snow .
a group of people are sitting in a classroom .
a man with a chainsaw .
a firefighter is holding a hose .
a firefighter holding a hose .
a firefighter standing in front of a firetruck .
a fireman is holding a red hose .
a young boy is asleep on a couch .
a girl in a field .
people walking through the desert .
a man is cooking .
an old man grilling hotdogs .
an older man is cooking food .
a man is cooking meat .
an old man is grilling food .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people walking .
a man is preparing food at a picnic table .
two men fishing .
an old man grilling food .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a woman is sitting next to a pile of leaves .
three girls are standing around a table .
an elderly woman waits on the sidewalk .
a woman with a hat and a hat .
a woman wearing a skirt and a skirt is talking to a cellphone .
a girl is showing something .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person standing outside a building .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a black shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a black shirt is leaning against a microphone .
a woman in a blue outfit is at a party .
a group of people on a boat .
a group of people singing .
three people are swimming in the water .
two people are standing in the water .
a group of people fishing in a muddy lake .
a group of people are looking at books .
a group of people singing .
a church choir in a church .
an elderly woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman walking down the street .
an elderly woman walking with a cane .
a woman is talking to a woman .
a young boy sitting on a rock .
a woman is taking a nap .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog running through the snow .
people are gathered outside .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs playing in the sand .
two dogs on a field .
a black and white dog is carrying a white and white dog in its mouth .
a person riding a horse .
a man is driving a road .
a person riding a horse .
two dogs play in the grass .
three dogs racing on the grass .
people walking down the street .
a woman in a black jacket is skiing .
two women are having a conversation .
a young boy playing soccer .
three women are smiling .
two women drinking beer .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a group of people riding bikes in front of a bus .
three women talking to each other .
a group of children playing outside .
two people walking across a field .
a boy is playing in the grass .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
men walking up a road .
a man walking up the road .
a woman is taking a picture of the sun .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a group of men are walking .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of men walking down the street .
a group of men walking down the street .
four men are walking down the street .
a group of students in a classroom .
a street vendor selling food .
a group of people are eating food .
a man is making food .
a man selling produce .
a man is eating produce .
a market in a market .
a man is buying produce at a market .
a man standing at a fruit stand .
a man standing next to fruit .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
a man juggling drums .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man juggling drums .
a group of people walking down a street .
a child plays with toys .
two men are selling fruit and talking to a fruit vendor .
a woman is playing with a hula hoop in front of children .
a woman in a black shirt and a girl in a brown shirt play with a purple toy toy .
a little boy plays with a stuffed animal .
a woman is talking to a young child .
two scuba divers pose for a picture .
a baby is taking a photograph .
a baby is eating .
a woman feeding a turtle .
a scuba diver takes a picture .
a scuba diver is eating .
a group of people sitting by the water .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a group of men are playing in a park .
a group of people are sitting by a body of water .
four men are standing near a body of water .
a group of men are standing outside .
a group of men are talking to each other .
a group of men sit by a river .
a group of men are talking to a river .
two men fishing on a river .
two men are sitting by a river .
two men are standing next to a boat .
two elderly women talking on cellphones .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of cheerleaders are performing .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a mother and her child are laughing .
a mother and son are playing with toys .
a child in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man riding a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
a construction worker is sweeping .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
two people riding skateboards .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a building .
two men , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are playing football .
two football players are trying to catch the ball .
two soccer players jumping over a soccer ball .
two soccer players competing in a soccer game .
a football player trying to block the ball while another player watches .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
two men on a soccer field .
a group of men playing soccer .
two men are playing soccer .
a man is walking down the street .
people walking on a sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
people walking in the street with buildings in the background .
a view of a city street .
a busy city street with a city .
this is a city street .
a group of people are shopping for sale .
people shopping at a market .
people shopping for sale .
people shopping at a market .
people are standing outside of a green awning .
a group of people are looking at items at a market .
people shopping in a market .
people shopping at a market .
a group of people are standing in a kitchen .
a street vendor is looking out the window of the street .
three people are standing outside .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a dog running through the snow .
a man waits for a train .
a dog runs through the snow .
a person in a coat stands on a road .
a dog is sitting in the snow .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a person laying on the ground .
two men riding horses .
a baby is holding a cake .
a man laying down on the ground .
a person doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
people watching a snowboarder .
a snowboarder in front of a crowd .
a woman in a red hat is selling traffic .
a woman holding a cellphone .
a woman is crossing the street .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a dog walks through the snow .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people talking .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people walking along a sidewalk .
girls standing outside of a building .
a woman jumping in the water .
two woman boxing .
a man standing by a telephone pole .
a street performer is standing outside .
a musician wearing a scarf .
a man wearing a denim jacket plays a guitar .
a street performer is standing in the street .
a man is looking at his money .
a man is looking at money .
a man is looking at merchandise .
a man is looking at merchandise .
a man playing a guitar .
a person jumping into the water .
a man selling food .
a man selling food from a cart .
a man selling fruit on a cart .
a man selling fruit on the sidewalk .
a man is selling food .
a brown and white dog is on a horse .
a horse is riding a horse .
a horse runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog is riding a horse .
a horse in the air .
a man playing a guitar .
a sink in a sink .
a sink in a sink .
a sink in a sink .
this is a large kitchen .
a sink in a kitchen .
this photo is a picture .
a group of photographers getting ready to throw an object .
this photo is a picture of this photo .
this photo is taken .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a man in a red shirt is jumping into the air .
a clown is making a funny face .
a clown is wearing a red shirt .
a man in a red shirt is holding an orange flag .
a man in a red shirt is making a sword .
a group of people are playing in a field .
a fan waits for a fan .
a fan is standing on a platform .
a fan waits for a fan .
a young boy doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a young boy throwing a ball .
a young boy throwing a ball .
a young boy playing with a ball .
a young boy throwing a ball .
a pitcher prepares to throw a baseball .
people watching a baseball game .
a batter prepares to throw a baseball .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a group of people at a sporting event .
two people are snowboarding .
a group of people are practicing a jump .
a snowboarder gets ready to jump into the air .
the snow is covered in snow .
the snowboarder is in the air .
an airplane is being photographed .
a view of the sky .
a plane flies through the air .
a plane flies through the air .
an airplane is being photographed .
a group of young people are dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are performing on a stage .
a group of people are walking across a stage .
a young boy in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are dancing .
two women posing for a picture .
a woman is brushing her hair .
a woman getting her hair done .
a woman in a blue shirt is brushing her hair .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a group of families at a fair .
a man in a green shirt and a woman in a green shirt smiling .
a young man is sitting in a restaurant .
two people hugging each other .
two men talking to each other .
a little girl playing in a pile of leaves .
two people are talking on the stairs .
two men are talking .
two people are singing into a microphone at a microphone .
a woman and a woman are smiling and laughing .
two women fighting in a ring .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a race car in a race .
men walking in formation .
people riding bikes .
a cyclist rides a bike .
a man racing a race .
a biker rides a bike .
a pilot leaving a plane .
a person stands next to some steps .
a pilot in an airport .
a person is picking up a plane .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people dancing .
two girls dancing .
a woman wearing a necklace .
women dancing .
a couple taking a picture .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man and woman dancing .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of people taking a picture .
a man climbing a rock .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a man rock climbing .
a man wearing a red shirt and blue shoes is walking .
a man dressed as a clown .
a man rock climbing .
a person climbing a wall .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a man rock climbing .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man climbing a rock face .
a man climbing a rock .
a man rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock .
a group of people walking in the streets .
a young boy is taking a break from the water .
a woman posing for a picture .
a woman stands in front of a wall .
the trees are outside .
a group of children are standing together .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a man walking in a river .
a street performer is performing on stage .
a man is on stage .
a woman practicing a dance .
a woman performing a trick on a beam .
a female gymnast performs on stage .
people are performing on stage .
a man and a woman are dancing on stage .
a person poses for a picture .
a group of people standing together .
a group of people dancing on a stage .
a group of dancers dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people dancing .
people dancing in the subway .
a woman is doing gymnastics .
a man playing a guitar on a stage .
a band plays on stage .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
two children playing outside .
children playing in the grass .
a man playing guitar .
bicyclists ride down a city street .
two motorcycle riders racing down a road .
a group of motorcycles are going down a road .
a child is listening to a group of people .
a child is holding a toy .
a young girl is sitting in a chair .
a woman holding a stuffed animal .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a crowded street .
people are standing in front of stores .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a black shirt is playing an accordion .
a man playing a guitar .
a truck drives down the road .
two construction workers walk down a road .
two men are pulling a truck .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man working on a project .
a truck is parked in a truck .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a room .
a boy is playing with balls .
a boy is playing with balls .
a young boy plays in a room .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a boy is playing with a plastic box .
a little boy is playing a game of checkers .
a child in a blue shirt is playing baseball .
a man riding a bike .
a person riding a mountain bike .
a person riding a bike .
a child playing with a toy .
a man and a woman are waiting for an ice cream cone .
two people are ice cream and ice cream .
a young boy playing an instrument .
a group of people buying ice cream .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man holding a flag .
a man is holding a red and yellow flag .
a man holding a flag .
a person doing a trick on a bike .
a rock climber climbs up a rock face .
a climber rock climbing .
a mountain climber wearing a helmet and helmet .
a climber climbing up a mountain .
a person in front of a crowd .
a dog jumps over a large body of water .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog on the beach .
a man is working on a machine .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is working in a kitchen kitchen .
a man working on a machine in a kitchen .
a man in a white and white kayak paddles .
a child is holding something in her hands .
a cat is looking at the airplane .
two men are sitting and watching two men .
a small child is looking at the sky .
a group of people gathered in front of a building .
a child is looking out the window .
a man on a boat .
people dancing in a parade .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
a child in a blue shirt is sleeping under a blanket .
a child is sleeping under a blanket .
a child is sleeping on a blanket .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a person is sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeping on a blanket .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog jumps in the air .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of girls standing under umbrellas .
a group of women holding umbrellas .
a plane in front of a monument .
a man and woman are getting married .
a woman in a subway car .
a couple kissing .
a couple standing outside .
two people are in an outdoor setting .
a couple walking in front of a body of water .
a couple is kissing .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people hold hands .
three people are swimming in a pool .
a dog walks down the street .
a young woman performing a routine .
a woman dancing .
a woman poses in a room with a red floor .
a person holding a camera .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a group of people .
a person taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
a person holding a camera .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk holding a camera .
a man is looking at an electronic device .
a person holding a camera .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
a man rides a motorcycle .
a man in a yellow outfit is performing .
a man in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
a man in a costume .
three people are sitting on the lawn .
a girl in a pink robe rides a bike .
a person with a red helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorbike .
a woman is riding a motorcycle .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a woman blowing bubbles in the wind .
a man is working on a wooden fence .
a black dog stands in the water .
a woman holding a tray of bread .
two men in a sports match .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two women talking to each other .
workers working at a counter .
a woman watches a young child .
two chefs are barbecuing .
two men are cooking .
a young boy is swinging on a swing .
a man paints a painting .
a man sitting on the edge of a restaurant .
artist painting a picture outside .
four people swinging on a swing .
a man is painting a picture .
two teams playing basketball .
children playing outside .
a group of men playing basketball .
a boy in a baseball cap is standing by steps .
a basketball player in a blue jersey is attempting to block the ball .
a man is playing soccer .
people are looking at boats .
a man working on a piece of metal .
a woman holding a drink .
two people ride a vehicle .
a man is sitting on a tractor .
a man driving a tractor .
a man working on a boat .
two women walking down a hill .
a man working on a loom .
an asian woman is sitting on a bench .
a band plays on stage .
a man holding a baby .
a man on a rock .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man standing next to a grill .
a man is walking down the street .
a man grilling meat outside .
a man is cooking on a hill .
a man is preparing a large grill .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
two men are working with their laptops .
a small dog runs through the grass .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man in a white t shirt is bowling .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
two women looking down .
a man is bowling .
a cowboy at a rodeo .
a little girl in a classroom .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing food .
a woman working on a project .
a woman working on a loom .
people are walking down the street .
a cat bites a cat .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a brown dog is laying down .
a small brown haired boy is brushing his teeth .
the cat is lying on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a pole .
a woman in a dress is standing outside .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a gymnast performs a trick .
a man throwing a javelin .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a black and white dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man running in a parade .
a crowd of people walking down the street .
a policeman is running down the street .
a man and woman running down a road .
a man on a train .
a man standing in front of a building .
a conductor stands next to a train .
a man in overalls is holding a broom .
a child is blowing bubbles .
a policeman is working on a fire .
a police officer is riding a motorcycle .
police officers on motorcycles .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man sitting on a computer .
a group of children wearing costumes .
a group of children are smiling .
a group of children hold their fingers .
a group of children are smiling .
two children smiling .
people in a mall .
three men are playing instruments .
people walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a construction worker stands in front of a yellow building .
a group of people are kayaking .
two men are talking to each other .
a man and a woman are playing in a field .
two men working on a house .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two men working together .
two people kayaking .
two men are working on a project .
two men are rowing a boat .
a dog chases a dog on the beach .
a man is working on a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt is operating a pipe .
a child in a red and white striped shirt .
a group of dogs are fighting with each other .
a child is playing with a pink balloon balloon .
a worker wearing a black shirt is painting a window .
a man hangs from a rope .
children playing in a field .
a man is watching a young child .
people playing in a yard .
two children playing in a backyard .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
two boys play in the water .
a group of young people posing for a picture .
a man is sitting at a table .
a group of people dressed in black .
a person crossing a street with traffic .
a little boy is playing with crayons .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl is looking at something .
a group of people riding bikes .
a young girl is crossing the street .
a brick wall with graffiti on it .
a group of men are looking at something .
two men are taking a break .
two men are taking a break .
five men are standing in the sun .
a busy street .
a little girl smiles .
a girl laughing .
a child smiling at the camera .
two women performing on stage .
a man wearing a mask .
two firefighters try to get something .
a group of workers are working .
a group of people are standing around a patient .
firefighters are working together .
two girls are looking through a microphone .
a person laying on a swing .
a girl wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a girl is laying on a swing .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a girl laying on a swing .
a car is driving down the street .
a car drives down the street .
a group of dancers dance in front of a store .
two men are jumping .
a red car is driving on a dirt track with trees in the background .
a woman with a tattoo .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
a woman playing roller derby .
a person wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a man sweeping a sidewalk .
a woman with a tattoo .
a group of people on the beach .
people are jumping .
a group of people talking to each other .
a child in the snow .
a dog playing with a toy .
kids playing soccer .
a young woman and a young girl are making chopsticks .
a man walking down the street .
a little girl is eating with chopsticks .
children are sitting at a table .
three children are playing basketball .
a group of children in school uniforms .
children at school .
children working on a project .
four children swimming in a pool .
a child is looking at the water .
a small child is getting ready to swim .
a child on a beach .
a small child playing on the beach .
a child in a blue shirt looks over the beach .
a small child on a swing .
a child swimming in the water .
four boys swimming at a pool .
two boys are playing soccer .
four boys are standing on a concrete ledge .
children playing with a wall .
a person sleeping on a bench .
people watching a performance .
a person sitting on a park bench .
a woman is performing a dance .
two people are talking .
a woman on her head .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to another girl who is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt stands in an alley .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a jacket is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
a man and woman wearing sunglasses .
a skateboarder in a pool .
people walking down the street .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder in a skate park .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
a man on a skateboard on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
three young girls pose for a picture .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman is holding a video camera .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
children in a room .
a group of girls playing baseball .
three girls are holding a ball .
three young girls pose for a picture .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a guy on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinding on a rail on a rail .
a boy is running through a parking lot .
a white truck is parked in front of a truck .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
two people walking down the street .
a little girl is walking down a sidewalk .
a girl in a pink coat is walking next to a man .
a little girl is walking down the sidewalk .
a man and a woman dressed in costumes are dancing .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a red shirt and black pants rides a wave .
a surfer flies through the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a woman speaking in front of a crowd .
a group of people are holding hands .
a group of people in a room .
three women are standing in a crowd .
three women are standing in a room .
a group of women are holding flowers .
a woman is speaking to a group of people .
cars race down the street .
people buying produce in a market .
a woman wearing a red dress .
a red car parked on the street .
a car drives down the street .
a street vendor on the street .
a man is reading a book .
the bears are walking down the road .
a woman is looking at the water .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man playing an accordion .
three men are standing in a field .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman wearing a yellow hat and a yellow hat .
a person is taking a picture .
a woman wearing glasses is holding her hand .
two men are talking to each other .
a man is speaking into a kitchen .
a man is performing a trick on a city street .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
three men are walking down the street .
police officers walking across the street .
a police officer in a police uniform .
a group of people are outside .
police officers are crossing the street .
two men are walking down the sidewalk .
a man wearing a hat .
men walking down a street .
a young child smiling .
a woman is standing in a forest .
two men stand at a podium .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a girl holding a drink .
a group of people hold hands .
a person is shaking hands into a microphone .
a man is holding a microphone .
a dog jumps over a large brown dog .
two people walking down the street .
people walking in a field .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a man and woman walking in a field .
a man and woman walking across a field .
two women posing for a picture .
a boy running in the grass .
two women wearing black dresses .
two young women are walking down a street .
a group of people are working .
two african american women are looking at something .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a crowd .
two women in a ceremony .
two women are dressed in costumes .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the grass .
a boy runs down the street .
a boy is holding his hands .
a boy skating in a skate park .
two women with black ears on their heads .
a man in a blue jacket selling food on the street .
a man selling food .
a person in an orange vest is standing in front of a building .
a man is waving out of a van .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
a group of children are sitting in front of an art project .
four children sit on stools .
a group of african american children are sitting on a patio .
people sitting on a bench .
children sitting at a bar .
a man riding a bike .
two baseball players are standing next to each other .
two people shaking hands in the sun .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
two men shaking hands .
two people are shaking hands .
a group of people are talking outside .
a man is laughing .
a man with glasses is laughing and laughing .
two girls playing basketball .
a man with glasses is reading a book .
a person doing a jump on a dirt bike .
a motorcyclist is racing .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a man is playing a guitar .
an old man playing an accordion .
a man playing music on the ground .
an old man is playing an accordion .
an old man is playing an accordion .
a man playing the drums on the ground .
a man playing the accordion .
a man is playing the accordion .
children playing in the street .
a man running a race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man juggling drums .
a clown performing a trick .
a man is performing on a stage .
a man juggling drums .
a man in a plaid shirt juggling drums .
a group of people standing near a body of water .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman is performing .
people walking down a street .
a group of people walking along a river .
a group of people playing in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people walking along a river .
a group of people walking by a lake .
a person in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a group of people playing soccer .
an elderly woman in a green dress is walking down the street .
two elderly women talking .
two football players are fighting for the ball .
a group of people are standing together .
a young boy playing baseball .
a man sweeping the street .
people hiking on a trail .
people skiing down a mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a lady is walking down the street .
a group of hikers are in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a piece of furniture .
a boy plays with a toy .
a group of people are shopping .
a dog lays next to a tennis ball .
people posing for a picture .
people walking down the street .
a black dog is about to catch a ball .
people walking down the street .
a man selling food on the side of the road .
a child playing with a toy .
two men are looking at merchandise .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of women dressed in red and white costumes .
two men looking away from the camera .
people are walking down a street .
a child is reading a book .
two men are wrestling .
two basketball players are looking at a tennis court .
men working on a project .
two men work outside a building .
two women are jogging .
a group of people are playing music outside .
a group of people playing instruments on the lawn .
two people are jogging on a beach with each other on the beach .
women running down the street .
five people are standing around a table .
a woman is making a funny face .
a young girl in a kitchen .
a young woman in a kitchen is working in a kitchen .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a young girl is sitting on a couch .
a woman is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of women in a building .
three men are standing in the street .
people are dancing .
people at a bar .
a group of young people are gathered together .
people waiting outside .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a group of young adults and children are at an event .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a man swings a bat .
a girl in a pink dress plays the drums .
people on a subway platform .
a man cooking food .
a man in jeans and a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is cooking meat .
two boys are shoveling snow .
a man with glasses is sitting on a couch .
a young boy is standing next to a sign .
a group of men drinking beer .
two men are sitting on a couch .
two women talking .
a group of people are outside .
people preparing food in a kitchen .
a man carrying a bike .
a man carrying a bike .
people are sitting on a train .
a man carrying a bicycle .
kids ride a train at an amusement park .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a man riding a bike on a dirt bike .
a child is playing with a toy .
a group of teenagers are gathered outside .
a group of young people are sitting around a table .
people sitting on steps .
teenagers are sitting on steps .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of musicians playing music outside .
a band playing on the sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
a band plays in the air .
a band performs on the sidewalk in front of a crowd .
a band playing music .
a band performs for an audience .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band performing on stage .
a group of musicians are performing on stage .
people at a rally .
a large crowd gathers at night .
a man in a tuxedo .
two children are playing guitars .
people waiting for a train .
a man and a woman ride bikes on a trail .
a band performs on stage with a band in the background .
a man playing a guitar .
a band performing on stage .
a band performing on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band plays on stage .
a girl is doing a handstand .
four children are sitting at a table and talking to each other .
four teenagers eating food .
a brown and white dog is running through the snow .
people sitting at a table eating food .
a group of people are sitting at a restaurant .
a dirt bike in the woods .
a woman with her hands on her face .
a group of people playing instruments .
an artist is looking at the camera .
two musicians playing music outside .
a band is playing music .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a band is playing music .
a group of people in uniforms .
two couples having a conversation .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
a group of cheerleaders are doing a routine .
a group of people are cheering .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
a group of people are standing outside .
a boy is standing behind a cardboard box .
a little boy is hiding by a tree .
a young boy is standing in the street .
a young boy in a black shirt is doing a handstand .
a young boy at a market .
a little boy is looking out the window .
a little boy is looking at a table of fruit .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a little boy is looking at a fruit .
a little boy is brushing his teeth .
a young boy with brown hair is sitting on a couch .
a woman and a boy are laughing .
a woman and a child are laughing .
a woman holding a child .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman and a child are smiling .
a lady is looking at a baby .
a woman is holding a baby .
a woman and a baby are smiling .
a man riding a horse .
a man on a bicycle .
a man is working on a train .
a man rides a bike .
a man is fixing his bicycle .
a man rides a bicycle .
a man catching a frisbee .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man rides a skateboard in the air .
a woman in a green shirt is sitting in a green chair .
a man stands in the snow .
a man standing next to a car .
a man is standing on a path next to a car .
a person is standing in front of a car .
a man stands on the snow .
a person walking down the street .
a man with a blue hat and blue hat .
a man is sleeping on the snow .
a person surfing in the water .
a man shoveling snow .
a person walking down the street .
a woman doing yoga on the beach .
a man skiing down a hill .
two people walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk past a tree .
two people walking up a dirt path .
two people on a hike .
people hiking on a rocky path .
a boy in a blue shirt rides a bike .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a dirt biker is jumping in the air .
a biker in a race .
a construction site at night .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
three men standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a rail .
boys playing on playground equipment .
a car is driving .
a baby is crying .
a dog chases sheep .
a skier is skiing down a snowy slope .
a person skiing .
a skateboarder rides down the steps of a building .
a man is leaning against a building .
a woman is standing in the snow .
a young boy playing in a green tube .
two people standing in a room .
the sky is high in the sky .
an asian woman stands in front of a sign .
a blond woman walking .
a woman holding up a sign .
a little girl is riding a toy on the grass .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a woman walking down the street .
a worker posing for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench reading a book .
a group of people at a concert .
a man on a rock .
a man is walking down the street .
a person climbing a rock face .
a man rock climbing .
a man climbing rocks .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a woman is looking at something .
a man giving a presentation .
a person is standing in the water .
a woman is looking at something .
a group of people are sitting and talking .
a crowd of people are standing in the street .
a man playing his guitar .
two girls are playing outside .
a man playing music in a city .
a man playing a guitar .
people standing at the entrance of a store .
two women standing in front of a store .
two women are in a store .
a woman is sitting at a table eating something .
two men are sitting in an airport .
two men at an airport .
three men posing for a picture .
two men are standing in front of an airport .
a woman is leaning against a tree in front of a tree .
a small boy is standing next to a pile of leaves .
two men are standing in a stadium .
the sky is parked in the sky .
a telephone pole on the side of a building .
the telephone wires is visible .
two firemen carry signs .
a firefighter is working on a ladder .
a group of people wearing hats .
a crowd of people wearing hats .
a group of people on their heads .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a group of people sitting on a wooden desk .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table eating .
a group of people sitting at a desk .
a black and white dog is running .
a black dog is looking out of a window .
a black and white dog is standing in the snow .
a black and white dog is standing in the snow .
a dog is looking at something .
two young girls hugging on the sidewalk .
people are walking down a busy street with a building in the background .
a group of people are standing in front of a statue of a new york new york scene .
a large group of people are walking on the street .
people are walking down a street .
cars parked on the street .
a man and woman hugging each other .
a truck drives down the street .
a dog jumps out of the water .
a car drives through the snow .
a brown and white dog is jumping from a vehicle .
two dogs are riding in a vehicle .
two children are sitting at a table .
people at a shopping mall .
a child in a swimming pool .
the brown and white dog has its tongue out .
two dogs in the snow .
a dog and a black and white dog are swimming .
a black and white dog plays with a tennis ball .
two dogs in a field .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people in a field .
a man in a field .
a group of people in a field .
a child sledding through snow .
a baby sleeping in a bed .
a person is standing in the water .
people are standing around a food truck .
a woman in a white sweater is sitting next to a man in a white t shirt .
a group of people are standing around a van .
two girls sitting on a couch .
two girls are having fun .
two girls playing outside .
two people are sitting on a brick wall .
a group of men in a restaurant .
two people are reading a paper .
a group of children are playing in a gym .
a group of people playing roller coaster .
a group of children are sitting outside .
two people are sitting at a bar .
a group of people are standing on a field .
a group of children are playing outside .
children are standing outside .
a group of people standing outside a building .
children are standing outside .
two boys are standing by a building .
a brown dog runs through a fence .
an asian man lifting weights .
there is an escalator in the background .
a person picking up something .
a man lifting weights .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is cleaning an airport .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man is training an animal .
a doctor cleans the floor .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in swim trunks is swimming .
a woman drinking a beer .
a woman in a white tank top drinking from a glass glass .
a little boy in a blue shirt is being pulled by a man in a blue jacket .
a woman wearing a pink tank top .
a man in a red shirt is driving a bicycle on a street corner .
a group of people are singing into a microphone .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a group of men are playing instruments .
a group of men are standing in front of a cardboard box .
a group of people are celebrating .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a man and woman in black coats walking down a street carrying shopping bags .
two people are balancing on a project .
a man and a woman are walking on a sidewalk .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is reading a book while reading a book .
a boy sits on his lap in his lap .
an older man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is taking a break .
a blond boy is sitting next to a guitar .
two women at a bar .
a man in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a woman is washing dishes .
a woman is writing on a piece of paper .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man and a dog are outside .
a woman in a blue suit is walking down the street .
a man riding a bull .
a man is preparing food on a stove .
a woman standing outside .
a woman digging through the snow .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a singer wearing a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman singing into a microphone .
two chefs prepare food in a pizza shop .
a woman working on a loom .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a policeman stands at a traffic stop .
a police officer waiting for a crowd .
a woman is standing in a booth .
people waiting to cross the street .
a dog jumps into a toy .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a group of people playing outside .
a man is doing a trick in the air .
two men are playing instruments .
men playing instruments .
a man is playing an accordion .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a group of people in a park .
people buying food .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people stand outside of a street vendor .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a man and woman are walking by a building .
a man playing a guitar .
a man climbing a rock .
a man wearing a hat .
a man in a white hat playing a guitar .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man playing a guitar .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a family takes a picture .
a family is hiking on the beach .
a family is sitting outside .
a group of people are walking up a rocky hill .
a family is sitting outside .
people walking down the street .
children walking with their children .
two girls walking down a street .
family walking down the street .
family walking down the street .
two girls are playing outside .
a family walking down the street .
a family enjoying the view of a lake .
a family is sitting outside .
a group of people walking down a street .
people walking down a city street .
two young girls are climbing a large wall .
a family is climbing a rock .
a family is climbing up rocks .
two young girls are walking down the street with an older couple .
two girls are climbing a tree with their parents .
a man is playing golf .
baseball players playing baseball .
a group of men playing instruments .
two men playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar on stage .
two men playing guitars on a stage .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man playing cricket .
a group of people playing cricket .
women sitting on the street .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a group of dogs are in a field .
two men are pulling a sled through the snow .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a lady is walking her dog .
two dogs racing in a race .
a group of women are working on a loom .
people surfing in the water at the beach .
a person falling off the ground .
a woman is reading something on a book .
a woman is eating .
a man holding a woman 's hand .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people are cheering .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of children sitting on a bench .
a group of people are working on computers .
people are sitting in front of a street .
two wrestlers wrestling at a match .
a group of people are outside .
two men wrestling on a wooden floor on a wooden floor .
this is a picture of a man in a blue shirt .
a man is wrestling .
two women are standing by a building .
a man working on a truck .
a man in a wrestling match .
a dog in the snow .
a group of men are protesting .
two women are sitting on stairs .
a gymnast performs a routine .
a man throwing a baseball .
a crowd of people in red .
a man performing a dance .
a man playing a guitar .
the little boy in the yellow shirt is running through the yard .
a man is working on a tree .
a man with a beard and a beard .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
three people are working together .
a building in front of a building .
this is a busy street .
this is a busy street .
people walking outside of a building .
people walking down the street .
a young boy is playing in a pool .
three boys are pushing a cart in a cart .
a person walking down the street .
a person in a green shirt rides a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people getting ready for a jump .
a group of men at a sporting event .
two men are playing rugby .
a group of people hold hands .
a group of young men are playing a game .
a child in a green jacket is walking in a puddle .
two girls , one wearing blue and one in blue and the other in blue and red , are jumping on a trampoline .
two girls playing outside .
a group of people are standing on scaffolding .
two girls are looking at each other .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a man fishing in a river .
a man with a net in the water .
the water is wet .
a child stands on a dock .
a dog is trying to catch a frisbee .
a boy in a green sweater sitting on a chair .
a boy is standing on a wooden floor with a body of water in the background .
a boy stands next to a body of water .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy stands next to a body of water .
a brown and white dog is chasing another dog .
a cowboy is riding a bull .
a girl is eating a meal .
a group of people buying produce at a farmers market .
a man wearing a black jacket .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs wrestle in a field .
two dogs are playing in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
a young man is sitting on a concrete structure .
a man in an orange shirt is grinding on a stone structure .
the brown and white dog is in the grass .
two dogs play in a field .
the brown and white dog is running .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs wrestle in a field .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs in the snow .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two men walking down the street .
a little girl is eating .
two men walking away from a red wall .
a man playing a guitar .
a chef is working in a restaurant .
people shopping at a market .
a man with a beard is playing the accordion .
a man is cooking food .
a man is holding food .
a man is walking up a set of stairs .
a man with a whistle in his mouth .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt holding a tray of food on his head .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man riding a bull .
a man standing outside a building .
people are walking down a busy street .
people playing on the beach .
a girl running on the beach .
a girl on a beach .
a family is playing in a lake .
two men are cooking food .
two men are talking to each other .
a girl on a beach .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black and white dog in a show .
three people are sitting on a bus .
a group of people are outside .
two police officers parked outside .
a group of people at a show .
three people walking across a bridge .
swimmers swimming in the water .
swimmers swimming in a swimming pool .
women competing in a volleyball match .
people swimming in a pool .
a woman and a woman are smiling .
a man and woman in front of a store .
two men are standing in a kitchen .
construction workers are standing at a construction site .
four children are rollerskating .
two boys in soccer uniforms running .
people playing games at a carnival .
four people are rollerskating on a track .
a woman playing carnival games .
a woman is throwing a chicken .
a football player tackling his opponent .
people at a carnival .
a dog swims in the water .
two people are standing in front of a store .
two people are standing in front of a store .
two people are standing in a store .
two people walking down the street .
people are walking down a street .
a man is fishing into a body of water .
a person walking on a path .
a man fishing .
two people wearing jackets .
a young boy is using a computer .
a little boy in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
two boys play in a room .
two boys are playing on a bed .
a group of people standing together .
two boys are playing basketball .
a woman is holding a cake .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of men pose for a picture .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman with a blue umbrella is holding a blue umbrella .
a person sitting in a chair .
people playing hockey .
the goalie is standing near the goal .
a band plays in front of a crowd .
the goalie is playing hockey .
two men are walking down the street .
a small child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is snowboarding .
a man and woman drinking beer .
a group of people are outside .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man holding a microphone and holding a microphone .
a man holding a beer .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a black t shirt is holding a beer .
a man holding something in his hand .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is walking down the street .
people are playing instruments .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of people posing for a picture in a city .
a helicopter flies through a body of water .
a group of people doing tricks on a track .
two men are wrestling .
two little kids are in the snow .
children playing outside .
a performer wearing a costume .
a girl in a red outfit is performing a trick .
two people dressed up in costumes .
a woman is balancing on her head .
two people are juggling .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person swimming underwater .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a hiker stands in a forest .
a group of people standing together .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing near a road .
construction workers working on scaffolding .
four men in orange vests are digging in the city .
a little boy is playing in the water .
an old man stands next to trees .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a boy is holding an object .
a little boy in a blue and white striped shirt is holding a ball .
a young boy is holding something .
a little boy is holding something in his hands .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a ball .
a little boy in a swimming pool .
a boy in a yellow shirt is standing in the water .
a man is fixing a car .
a man watching a man on a bicycle .
a man is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man is fixing a truck .
a man working on a truck .
a man is working on an old vehicle .
a man in a black shirt working on a motorcycle .
a man is working on an old vehicle .
a man working on a car .
a car drives down the street .
a man is looking at a truck .
a man and a boy are looking at a truck .
a man and a boy are looking at a truck .
a man and a little boy are playing in the grass .
a man in a black shirt and a boy in a black shirt are examining a tractor .
people are standing around a truck .
a group of people working on an old truck .
two men are working on a tractor .
a man and a child are fixing a truck .
a man and a child are fixing a truck .
two people are looking at an old truck .
a young boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a boy is riding on the water .
two young boys playing soccer .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a biker in a forest with a forest in the background .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a ramp .
a person on a bmx bike .
a boxer in a white shirt jumping into the air .
a guy on a bike .
a man on a bicycle .
a female athlete in a white uniform is running .
a bmx biker performing a trick .
a group of men standing outside .
two men working at a construction site .
two construction workers stand next to a machine .
two construction workers standing next to a metal structure .
two construction workers stand next to a firetruck .
two construction workers stand next to a firetruck .
two men standing in front of a machine .
two men standing next to a machine .
two men standing in front of a machine .
two men stand next to a large machine .
two men wearing hard hats .
two men are relaxing at the same time .
a woman is riding a bike .
a young boy playing baseball .
a kid playing baseball .
a woman in a white horse costume .
a man rides a bike in traffic .
a dog with a branch in its mouth .
a dog carries a large stick in its mouth .
a dog is holding a stick .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog is holding a stick .
a woman is holding a drink .
a snowboarder doing a trick in the snow .
a man riding a cart in a cart .
an elderly woman is holding a young girl 's hand .
a group of soccer players in blue uniforms .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of men playing soccer .
two soccer players getting ready to kick the ball in the middle of a basketball game .
a group of people are sitting on a bus .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man is holding a knife .
a person is standing on a pole .
a man is standing in front of a counter .
a man working on a machine .
a man is sitting on a telephone pole on a telephone pole .
a person picking snow .
women in dresses holding flowers .
a group of people are sitting in a field .
a group of people watching a game .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a blue shirt are walking .
a group of people are watching a game of soccer .
two women walking down the sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
two men are working on the side of a building .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a boy rides his bike through the rain .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a blue cooler .
a cyclist is doing a trick on his bike .
a man is doing a trick on a track .
a man with no shirt on .
a man is racing .
a man is using a wheel .
a boy is playing a board game .
a boat in the water .
two men rowing a boat .
a woman and a child are playing a game .
a woman in a brown shirt is talking .
a group of people playing monopoly .
a kid playing a board game .
a man is sitting on a bench talking on a cellphone .
a man rides a bicycle past a castle .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man pushing a truck .
a man pushing a cart on the street .
a man is pushing a vehicle .
a man is standing next to a truck .
a woman is working on a stove .
a man is holding a knife .
children playing soccer .
a man preparing food .
two football players wearing helmets .
a skateboarder jumps .
two boys are playing football .
two children are sitting on a couch .
kids playing on a couch .
two children are sitting at a table .
two children sitting on a couch .
two boys are having fun .
two women dancing .
a woman working at a sewing machine .
a woman is holding her arm in the air .
a woman working with yarn .
a man and a woman in a shop .
a woman is sewing .
a woman is sewing on a sewing machine .
a baseball player prepares to hit the ball .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog runs through the grass .
people are standing on the train tracks .
a dog runs through the water .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a woman waits with her luggage .
a woman in a green dress is standing on a street with cars in the background .
a woman is crossing the street with a purse and purse and luggage .
two children wearing safety gear .
a woman reading a magazine .
a small boy is sitting in a chair and eating something .
a child is eating .
a boy is eating a sandwich .
a boy is eating .
a little boy is sitting and eating .
a young boy eating .
a young boy is eating .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child is eating something .
a dog in the ocean .
a man in a white shirt is looking up .
woman sewing machine .
two girls in a match .
three women are walking down the street .
a group of men dancing in the street .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a woman in a roller derby match .
a woman with a whistle .
a woman with black hair is holding a whistle .
a woman in a blue shirt is rollerskating .
a woman in the middle of a race .
women competing in roller derby .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a man pulling a cart .
a boy kicks a soccer ball into the goal .
a band plays in a town .
a group of dancers dancing .
a white dog running .
a woman in a white dress is dancing .
a girl in a white dress stands on a mat .
a girl in a white dress is doing gymnastics .
a girl in a white dress is doing gymnastics .
a girl in a white leotard doing gymnastics .
an asian woman in a white leotard dances .
three girls dancing on a stage .
a group of girls dancing on a stage .
a man is giving a presentation .
a boy reading a book .
a woman working on a sewing machine .
a person climbing a rock .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people looking at something .
a woman talking to two men .
a woman in a blue coat looks at a man in a blue coat .
a group of people are gathered together .
a band plays on stage .
two people shoveling snow .
two men are shoveling snow .
men in shorts shoveling snow .
two men shoveling snow .
two men are walking down the street .
three men are sitting on a bench .
two men are digging dirt .
a group of people playing soccer .
a football player catching a football .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a football player catching a football .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a group of people playing football .
a woman in a blue shirt is running .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man climbing a rock .
a blond woman wearing a brown shirt and black pants is standing on a ladder .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a group of people are on a pier .
a group of people on a boardwalk .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of photographers take pictures .
a couple taking a picture .
a woman taking a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man and a woman take pictures of the mountains .
a woman works on a sewing machine .
people are standing near a body of water .
a woman wearing a short skirt is walking in front of a wall with an umbrella .
a woman in a tank top stands in front of an art gallery .
a woman walking on a sidewalk .
a woman on a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a person stands in front of the ocean .
two men working on scaffolding .
two construction workers are working hard .
people walking on a bus .
a man smoking a cigarette .
people walking down the street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two african american men look away from the crowd .
a group of people on a bus .
a group of workers wearing costumes .
a group of people are standing on the street .
people walking down a busy street .
people walking in the street .
two girls hanging upside down .
a girl swings on a swing .
two young girls sitting on a tire swing swing .
a woman walking down the street .
people are walking down a street .
a young girl in a skirt and a skirt is walking on a sunny day .
a woman is walking with a dog on a leash .
a young child is sitting on the floor .
a family is having fun .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man holding a child .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man with a beard with a beard .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a train .
a bearded man is smiling .
a man with a beard .
a family is looking at a baby .
a group of people are looking at something .
three people talking to each other .
a family is having fun .
a man with a peace sign on it .
two police officers standing on a city street .
two people are talking on the street .
two police officers talking to each other .
two police officers are talking .
a man is surfing on a beach .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave in the ocean .
a man surfing a wave .
a mother feeding her baby .
a man relaxing on a bench .
a man looking away from the camera .
a person is leaning over a balcony looking over a balcony .
a man is leaning against a balcony looking over a balcony .
a man is leaning against a wall .
a man working on wood .
a man chopping wood .
a man standing on a balcony .
a man sitting on a bench .
a child playing in water .
two men are rowing a boat .
a man is writing on a piece of paper .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a boy in a blue shirt writing on a chalkboard .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman taking a picture .
two dogs biting each other .
two dogs laying in a cage .
a woman is taking a break .
a man is standing in front of a group of children .
a woman holding a little girl .
people are walking with umbrellas .
people walking in the rain .
a woman holds a baby with a baby .
people standing outside under umbrellas .
a football player looking at the field .
two construction workers are working on a bridge .
two men working on a roof .
a group of construction workers walking down the street .
two people at an event .
a group of men working on a vehicle .
a child playing in a park .
a boy is standing on the beach .
a man is running down the lane .
three dogs running in a field .
a man in a black shirt talks on his cellphone while sitting on his cellphone .
a group of young people pose in front of a guard rail on the side of the street .
two dogs running .
two dogs running in a race .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs run around a racetrack .
two dogs racing around a track .
a man is holding a torch .
an old man is running on the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two women are practicing martial arts .
a woman is applying mascara to another woman .
two dogs play together .
a little girl is laughing .
a woman with long hair and glasses is sitting and smiling and smiling .
a little girl laughing on a couch .
a girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a woman laughing .
a woman is sitting next to a man with glasses .
a man with a beard holding a hammer .
a group of people are driving .
a man hitting a tennis ball .
a man playing a game of cricket .
a woman wearing a scarf .
two dogs play in the water .
people at a bar .
a man is reaching on the ground .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men wearing baseball caps .
a group of men are standing at a construction site .
two men wearing suits .
three men are standing outside a building .
three men are using a tree .
a man holding a sign .
three men cutting wood .
a man working on a roof .
a man climbing a tree .
a man in a baseball uniform stands in front of a chair .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog in a garden .
a dog with its mouth open .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man standing in front of an advertisement .
a man in a swimming pool .
a brown dog is walking through the grass .
a person in a blue jacket is skiing .
two adults are playing on a playground .
two children are standing outside .
children playing in a playground .
two boys ride on a swing in a playground .
two children on a swing .
people standing in front of a store .
two women are sitting at a table .
people walking across the street .
two older women are dressed in costumes .
two babies are smiling .
a group of men wearing martial arts uniforms .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy is looking at a toy .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a family is sitting in a living room .
men standing in front of a building .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a family is looking at a car .
a man walking down the street .
a security guard at a sporting event .
two police officers on motorcycles .
a man is sitting in the back of a taxi that is parked on the street .
a man is sitting in a taxi .
a man is standing in front of a shop .
a man is riding a yellow moped .
a yellow taxi is parked on the street .
a street vendor is walking down the street .
an asian man is walking down the street .
a car is parked on the street .
a car is parked on the street .
a policeman stands on top of a busy street .
a man is walking on the street .
a busy street .
a person in a yellow shirt and black pants is on a snowy mountain .
two men are getting ready to sing into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a megaphone .
a man talks to a man who is listening to music .
two men are talking to each other .
two men are at a sporting event .
a child in a blue shirt is jumping .
a child in a red jacket is skiing .
a child is skiing over ice .
a child on ice skates .
a child is climbing a rock .
a young child is jumping over an orange slide .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs towards trees .
a group of people are swimming .
a dog swims in the water .
a young man doing a handstand on a platform .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in the background are working on the ground .
two men wearing blue shirts .
a group of people wearing blue shirts .
a man wearing a baseball cap .
a boy walking down the street .
a man is hanging upside down .
a man in a black shirt is standing next to a statue of a statue .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man skateboards down a street .
a large building in front of a green building .
a man doing a jump .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a woman is smiling .
a woman wearing a dress .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man is fixing a piece of paper .
a woman is smiling .
two women are talking to each other .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two women are hanging out of a building .
a woman smiles at the camera .
two dogs walking with each other .
a man skating down a flight of stairs .
a man is crossing the street in the snow .
a group of people wait outside .
a man is standing next to a cardboard box .
a young boy doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man wearing a hat .
a man is looking at pigeons .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man playing an accordion .
two people are sitting at a table .
two people waiting at a train station waiting for the train .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman playing a saxophone .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people walking down a street .
a man holding a hammer .
a group of people at a skate park .
an older man is looking over something .
a man using a hammer .
a man working on a machine .
a man is using a hammer .
a man working on something .
a man is working in a shop .
a person snowboarding down a wall .
a snowboarder grinds a rail with snow in the background .
a city street .
a man is standing next to a truck .
a person is standing next to a trashcan .
a man is standing next to a van .
a brown dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is jumping over a fence .
a dog jumps over a pole .
a dog is standing next to a pole .
a little girl climbing a rock .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a woman in a black dress is showing another woman on a city sidewalk .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people are cutting wood .
a woman is looking at something .
a man is jumping over a wave .
a person playing on the beach .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people wearing hard hats .
a group of construction workers are standing outside .
men working on railroad tracks .
workers working on a machine .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman walking down the street .
a skier in the snow .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a young boy jumping off a trampoline .
a young child jumping .
a person is doing a flip .
a guy doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing a handstand on a park bench .
a guy in a park in a park .
a guy doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a guy doing a handstand in a park .
a woman skiing .
two men wearing white shirts .
a woman reading a book .
a man riding a horse .
a group of people competing in a competition .
people getting ready to start a race .
a group of people posing for a picture .
an event for an event .
a group of people are getting ready to start .
two black dogs running .
a man poses for a picture .
a man trying to lasso a horse .
people gather in front of a building .
people looking at something on a table .
a woman playing a guitar .
two men are looking at meat .
a man at a rodeo .
a little girl wearing a denim skirt is walking down the street .
a young woman with headphones is walking on a sunny day .
a lady wearing headphones .
a young girl walking down the street .
a woman with headphones on is listening to music .
a young woman is walking and listening to music .
a woman with a guitar is walking with a guitar .
a woman is walking and listening to music .
a woman is standing next to a clown .
a woman is taking a picture .
a person poses for a picture .
two men are drinking beer .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
people working on a project .
a woman sitting under a sign .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting under a street sign .
a boy is holding up trash .
two people are sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
two women hugging each other .
two women hugging each other .
a woman is helping a young girl .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and a child in a field .
two people are standing in front of flowers .
two people in a field of flowers .
a group of people are gathered together .
a little girl in a blue shirt and a woman in an orange shirt are looking at something .
two children are playing tug of war .
a family is standing next to a dog .
a family is sitting at a table eating and eating .
a man holding a baby .
a group of people are looking at animals .
two people are looking at each other in a fence .
a waitress in a white shirt is cooking .
a surfer in the water .
a man kayaking with a parachute .
a biker taking a break .
a man surfing a wave .
a woman holding a tray of paper .
a man walking down the street .
a young boy working in a yard .
a young man is sleeping on a wooden bench .
a baseball player swings a bat .
a street vendor is walking down the street .
a group of people preparing food .
a man is carrying a large bundle of vegetables .
a man carrying a bag walks down the street .
a man walking down the street carrying a large bundle of vegetables .
a man walking down the street carrying a trash bag .
a man walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking .
a family is sitting at a playground .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of men are standing in front of water .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band playing music .
two men playing soccer .
two people are playing a game .
two people playing a game .
people playing chess .
a group of people playing a board game .
a group of people are playing chess in an open area .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people playing soccer .
three women are swimming .
a woman wearing a straw hat .
a blond woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a blond woman in a blue shirt is laughing .
a woman in a blue shirt is wearing a hat .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a woman with a hat on her head .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat .
a woman wearing a cowboy hat .
a woman with a hat on her head .
two men smiling .
a man is sitting on his face .
a man is holding a glass of water .
a man holding a white bird .
a man in a white shirt is looking over his face .
a closeup of a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a towel .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is brushing his face .
a man riding a horse .
a white and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a man carrying a garbage bag .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl is playing in the grass .
a young girl swinging on a swing set on a playground .
two men are walking down a street .
a man carrying a garbage bag .
three women are sitting down .
three women sit on a bench and waiting for something .
two women are sitting on a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
three women sitting on a bench .
women sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
three people are sitting next to each other .
a man is sitting on a bus .
two children looking at a child .
a boy and a girl are smiling and smiling .
two people standing on a sidewalk .
a person is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk .
a man smiling .
a family is walking in the street .
a busy street .
a woman and a child sit on a porch .
an african american american american american american american american flag holding a green sign .
a man reading a book .
a person rides a bike in the sand .
a baby is making a funny face .
a crane flies through the water .
a person riding a horse .
a man in a swimming pool .
a child is crying .
a man is sitting on his lap .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a man and a child are outside .
a man and a child are playing .
a man and a young boy are playing in a backyard .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a man is playing with a baby in a backyard .
a man and a child are outside .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman is rock climbing .
a person on the side of a mountain .
a man working on a machine .
a man cooking food on a grill .
a man is cooking .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a man grilling food .
two men are standing next to a barbecue grill .
two men are standing outside .
an older man is grilling meat on a grill .
a construction worker driving a yellow truck .
a worker wearing a hat .
a man wearing a helmet is doing a trick .
a middle aged man is working on a machine .
a boy stands in the grass .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a little boy in a blue shirt with blond hair .
a boy smiles at the camera .
a child is blowing bubbles .
a boy is standing on a rock .
four men are sitting at a table .
a group of men drinking coffee .
a black and white dog jumping into the air .
two women are laughing .
two men standing in line .
a group of people are gathered in a grassy area .
two men are standing in front of a crowd of people .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are standing on the grass .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
two men are standing in a grassy area .
two men in black shirts stand next to each other .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a man working on a grill .
three guys on a beach .
a man is standing in front of a shop .
a man working on a grill .
a man cooking a meal .
a mother is holding a baby in her lap .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a young boy standing next to a metal fence with a cigarette in his mouth .
a child smokes a cigarette .
a young boy standing next to a metal fence with a cigarette in his mouth .
a person standing outside .
a man smoking a cigarette .
children running down the street .
two men are talking to each other .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman are playing drums .
a man in a black shirt playing the drums .
a band is playing drums in a tunnel .
a musician is playing an accordion .
a man is playing guitar in a subway station .
two girls are getting ready to jump .
a group of men are standing in front of their guns .
a group of men are standing in line .
soldiers standing in front of a firetruck .
a group of soldiers are standing in front of palm trees .
a tattoo artist paints a tattoo .
a artist working on a loom .
a man performing a surgery .
a tattoo artist painting an artist .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a person skiing in the snow .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a snowboarder jumps over a snowboard .
a snowboarder performing a trick .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people taking pictures .
a group of people are standing outside .
people standing outside of a store .
a group of people taking pictures .
workers working on a project .
a person stands in the water .
two men making pizza .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
two men prepare food .
two men are making pottery .
a cook cooks in a kitchen .
people standing in front of a monument .
a man and a woman are playing outside .
a boy jumps over a hill .
children sitting on a tire tire .
two women are sitting on a park bench .
a woman is getting her haircut .
women sitting on park bench .
a race car drives around a track .
two elderly women sit on a bench .
women competing in roller derby .
a woman is sitting in a canoe while looking at a dock .
a girl is sitting in a boat .
people sit on a canoe .
two elderly women are sitting on a park bench .
a woman stands in a boat .
two women are smiling .
a man and woman talking to each other .
a boy is making a face face at the camera .
a girl wearing a red dress .
a man smiling .
a woman in a blue shirt smiles .
a young man wearing a denim hat and jacket .
a man standing next to a street .
a man in a hard hat is welding .
a man is standing in the snow .
the white and white and white car .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a worker is looking at something .
two dogs play in the snow .
a boy holds a rubber bottle in his hands .
a child plays with toys .
a toddler is playing with a rubber chicken .
two girls are holding umbrellas .
a woman is walking behind a girl .
two girls walking down the street .
a girl in a blue dress is walking .
people are sitting on a park bench .
kids sliding down a slide .
a man is jumping in the air in the air with a lake in the background .
a skier in the snow .
a man in ski gear is skiing down a snowy mountain .
a skier poses for the camera .
two girls are dancing .
a woman in a black shirt is laying on her head .
a woman is doing a flip on her head .
a woman is putting something on her head .
a woman cutting a piece of wood .
a woman sitting on a computer .
a woman is holding a hammer .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman working on a computer .
a woman is fixing an electronic device .
a woman holding something in her hand .
a woman working on a loom .
a man working on a computer .
a group of children are standing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man cutting a board with a saw .
two people cutting wood .
a man working on a machine .
a man is fixing something .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a white shirt is fixing a television .
a woman is watching a man on a board .
a man is climbing up a pole .
two children smiling .
people enjoying the beach .
two people running .
a group of people sitting outside .
three people on a beach .
a group of people are jumping .
people competing in a race .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of soccer players jumping in the air .
two athletes competing in a competition .
two people are playing soccer .
two hockey players jump in the air .
people are standing in a parking lot .
a large box of fish .
a group of people walking down a street .
a man and woman are dancing .
two men are setting up chairs .
a man is wearing a yellow jacket .
a woman is sitting on a bench with two dogs .
two children are sitting at a table .
two men running in a race .
a child playing with a toy .
a skier flies through the air .
two men in cowboy hats are jumping into the air to catch a frisbee .
a skier coming out of the air .
a person skiing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are wearing black boots .
a woman is carrying a ski ski .
a group of people are crossing a street .
a person skis down a snowy hill .
a skier in the snow .
a group of men are having a conversation .
a man on a canoe .
a woman holding a child .
a woman and a young boy are swimming .
a young man playing golf on a golf field .
a man is playing golf .
a man is cutting a piece of wood .
a man is digging in the concrete .
a man prepares a pumpkin into a pumpkin .
a man smiles at a pumpkin .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting on the floor .
a baby chews on a toy .
a baby plays with toys .
a baby is laying on a toy truck .
a toddler plays with a toy in the floor .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a soccer team is about to kick the ball .
a man working on a train .
two girls playing outside .
a man wearing a black jacket .
a man in a blue shirt doing work .
a scientist working on a television .
a firefighter is working on a machine .
a scientist works on a machine .
a man is fixing a machine .
a man in a hard hat is working on a machine .
a man working on a train .
a man is leaning into a metal box .
a man in a blue shirt is fixing a train .
a man is leaning into a box .
a man is fixing a train .
a child stands in front of water .
a man is looking at something .
a man is pushing a bicycle .
a basketball player attempts to block the basketball .
a man wearing a white shirt .
a basketball player playing basketball .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is carrying a basket .
a woman doing laundry on a loom .
a woman in a blue shirt is painting .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman in a bathing suit poses for a picture .
two men playing a sport .
a group of people talking .
two dogs play in the snow .
a kid and a young boy play soccer on a soccer field .
a black and white dog jumps into the air .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog catching a frisbee in its mouth .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog catches a frisbee in a field .
a dog playing with a ball .
two dogs fighting for a frisbee .
a dog jumps to catch a toy .
two dogs are playing with each other in the grass .
a dog jumps into the air .
a black and white dog is playing .
a black and white dog jumps to catch a toy in the grass .
a girl smiles at the camera at a flower store .
a woman with brown hair and a green sweater is walking away and carrying a brown plastic bag .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman carrying a brown bag .
a woman in a blue dress is holding something .
a woman is walking down a street .
a woman walking .
a blond woman walks away from the camera .
a girl carrying a bag .
shoppers shopping at a shopping center .
a group of people in a building .
people standing in a store .
a large group of people are sitting at a table .
two men in white shirts are talking to each other .
two young men are practicing karate .
two men are talking to each other .
two men fighting .
two men in a karate match .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of people in a ring .
a group of martial artists are practicing karate .
two men in martial arts uniforms are practicing martial arts .
two martial artists are fighting .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
two men practicing martial arts .
two athletes competing in a competition .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a musician performing on stage .
a man wearing a kilt .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is getting ready to serve a serve .
a woman getting ready to serve a tennis ball .
a man on a tennis court .
a tennis player trying to hit the ball .
a tennis player is bowling .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a girl sledding through the snow .
a person snowboarding in the snow .
a person is skiing .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a man on a sidewalk .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a woman walking .
children standing in the snow .
kids playing in the snow .
a group of children playing outside .
snow covered snow .
a girl in a black jacket is holding a black jacket .
a woman doing gymnastics in the london olympics .
a brown and white dog is running in the grass .
a brown dog runs in front of two sheep .
a brown and white dog runs past two horses .
a girl in a red shirt is rollerskating .
a gymnast does a handstand on the ground .
a female gymnast is doing gymnastics .
a gymnast is balancing her arms over her head .
a gymnast gymnast performs on a balance beam .
people in front of a crowd of people in front of a crowd .
a woman on a balance beam .
a man is playing a hula hoop .
a man holding his hands .
a man is standing outside .
a woman waits for groceries .
a toddler plays in the sand .
a person stands in a ditch .
two women walking down the street .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a woman holding a baby .
two men are talking to each other .
two men talking to each other .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman smiles while holding a baby in her arms .
a young girl rides a bike .
a man is leaning against a car .
a man wearing sunglasses waits at a bus stop .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two women holding hands .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man working on a car .
two babies are laughing .
a baby is chewing on a toy .
two children looking at something .
two people are cleaning a building .
two babies are looking at each other .
a group of people walking along a river .
an older woman looking at a small bird .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is holding a bunch of fish .
three people playing soccer .
two soccer players competing in a soccer game .
a man is playing a hula hoop .
a girl taking a break from a bike .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a person standing outside .
two people riding bikes along a lake .
a person walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a train .
three women , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white dress , are sitting on a bench .
three women are talking to each other .
a woman jumping in the air .
three people are sitting near trees .
a girl is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man in a green bathing suit jumping off a boat into a lake .
a man is standing outside .
two men talking to each other .
a man holding a camera .
soccer players are running .
a man in a white shirt is talking to a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people are on stage .
three men are standing in front of a building .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting at a table .
two men performing on stage .
a man in a leather jacket is walking down the street .
three men are standing around a table .
a group of men are working together .
three men in an auditorium .
a group of men are posing for a picture .
a group of men are standing together .
a man sitting on a bench .
two women in pink shirts dancing .
a woman poses for a picture .
a blond girl in a tank top is serving a haircut .
a man on his head .
a woman in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a girl playing a guitar .
a woman talking to a man .
a woman in a black hat is talking to a man in a black jacket .
two people talking to each other .
a woman is talking to a man .
a woman is talking to a man .
a girl is talking to a man .
a girl playing a guitar .
a little girl playing the guitar .
two little girls are smiling .
two girls playing in the grass .
a man skateboarding .
two people are playing on a large yellow ball .
two girls wearing matching dresses .
a young man on a sunny day .
a woman is swimming .
a girl swimming .
a woman is swimming .
a person swims in the water .
a woman is hanging out of the sun .
a woman is doing laundry .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is putting a piece of paper .
a woman in a white shirt is balancing her hand .
a man in a green shirt is walking .
a dog runs through snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and black dog is standing in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is walking next to a building .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running on ice .
a man in a suit .
a woman is preparing food in a restaurant .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a woman holding a woman 's hand .
two men in a rodeo ring with a bull .
two cowboys on a bull .
a woman is cooking in the street .
people walking through a tunnel .
a man walking down the stairs .
a group of people walking down a hallway .
people are walking in a tunnel .
people walking down a hallway .
two women , one wearing a red shirt and one with a backpack , are standing on a ladder .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two women are looking at a snowball .
a group of people are having a good time .
a dog jumps up to catch a frisbee .
a woman in a yellow t shirt is reading a book .
a person holding a camera .
two men working on a pipe .
a man in a red hat is fishing .
women in white shirts are dancing .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside .
a woman holding a dog .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
children playing in water .
a man walking down the street .
people are playing instruments .
a person painting a picture .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
an asian man is holding a baby .
a man working on a machine .
a man and woman grilling meat .
a man sitting on a platform .
a person is sitting in the air .
five dogs running in a grassy field .
a man and a woman are standing on a jet ski .
a little boy is looking at a girl .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man walking down a sidewalk .
a busy street .
people walking down a street .
a child is painting .
a young girl painting .
a man painting a picture .
a child drawing on paper .
a young girl painting a picture .
people walking down the street .
a girl is eating .
a child in a red shirt is sleeping on a log .
a child is standing on a rock .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a child laying in a hammock .
a boy sleeps on a bench .
a small child is sleeping on a bed .
a child sleeping in a hammock .
people waiting at a street fair .
a woman and a man are standing outside .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a man and woman are standing next to each other .
a man and woman standing under trees .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man sitting on a bench .
an older man is sitting in front of a banner .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man laying on the ground .
a football player is running towards the football team .
a man with gray hair is sitting in a chair .
a man is standing next to a pipe .
a man sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing soccer .
a dog playing with a toy .
a black and white dog is jumping .
a dog catches a ball .
a black and white dog is jumping into a soccer ball .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
a dog jumps up to catch a ball .
a dog standing on its hind legs .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
greyhounds racing around a track .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of people are looking at something in the distance .
people looking through binoculars .
the bears are standing outside .
two dogs are facing each other .
the teddy bear has its nose .
the bears are in the distance .
a group of people standing in a bar .
a group of young boys are standing together .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman is washing her hair .
a woman smiling .
a person washing dishes .
a woman is washing a river .
two people are standing on a motorcycle .
a group of people walking down the street .
children running on a beach .
two people running on the beach .
a boy and girl are playing outside .
a boy and a girl running along side the beach .
kids playing on the beach .
a boy and girl running on the beach .
three musicians perform on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a guitarist performs on stage .
a band playing the drums .
a band performs in front of an audience .
a band plays in a band .
two children run towards the water .
a group of children are playing outside .
children running in the water .
two children run towards a body of water .
two children running down a lane .
a band performing on stage .
two men running in a race .
a man in a gray shirt is running .
a group of children are playing basketball .
children dressed in black and white .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is bowling .
two children playing with a ball .
a woman is bowling .
a man prepares to throw a bowling ball .
two men standing in front of a display .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man rides a bike in the sun .
two female dancers dressed in black are dancing .
a person walking down the street .
a man walking in a town .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a woman reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a boy is parked on the sidewalk .
people relaxing on a beach .
people on a beach .
two men in front of a pizza display .
a man is holding a backpack .
children playing in the water .
girls playing in a pool .
children swimming .
two children playing in a fountain .
a biker doing a trick .
a man in a white shirt is riding a bike on a dirt road .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a person walking down the street .
two women are rowing a boat .
a man is jumping into the air in the air .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a white shirt is holding a piece of wood .
a man is holding a piece of wood in front of a building .
a person is standing in front of a building with a building in the background .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man juggling drums .
two men on the beach .
a young man is sitting on a rock .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
people gather in the street .
a group of asians are sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people standing on the street .
two women paddle in the river .
three boys are looking into a microscope .
people carrying guns .
a group of people are standing in a city .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman is cutting something .
a woman is cutting something .
a woman is cutting something .
a woman is showing another woman 's hair .
a person riding a horse .
a woman is cutting another woman 's hair .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a person riding a bike .
a woman wearing boots and a black jacket .
a woman on a horse .
a little girl with a flower on her arm smiles .
three women are talking on the beach .
a man with a mohawk is blowing a cake .
two men are sitting in a swing .
police officers on the street .
a man is getting a haircut .
a man playing guitar .
a group of people are standing in front of a crowd .
a man playing a guitar .
a rock band performs in front of an audience .
a man with glasses is smiling .
a truck is standing next to a truck .
two men are standing next to each other .
five construction workers are working on a roof .
a boy is playing basketball .
a group of construction workers are standing outside .
two men are standing in front of a drum .
two men are giving a presentation .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a man is preparing to fire .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man with a beard is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting with a suitcase .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting with a suitcase .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting in front of a table .
a black dog swims in the water .
a young man sitting on a bench .
a guy in a blue shirt is working on a computer .
a girl is standing on top of a mountain .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a woman poses for a picture .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
children gather outside .
kids playing in the grass .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a boy in a blue shirt jumping in the air .
a group of children standing in the street .
a policeman is looking at a man .
a policeman walks down the street .
a police officer is standing next to a crowd of people .
a police officer wearing a black hat and a black hat is shaking his cellphone .
a policeman at a parade .
a man is sitting on a roof .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
construction workers at night .
four dogs are digging on a dirt road .
a construction worker is working on a project .
a man in a red shirt is looking through a tube .
a girl on a balance beam .
a man is walking past a crowd of people .
people are eating .
a man and woman under umbrellas .
two girls are talking to each other .
two people hiking through the snow .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is sitting in a room .
a man in a black shirt is singing .
a musician playing the trumpet .
a little boy is standing in a kitchen .
a man playing guitar .
a young boy working on a science project .
a young boy is sitting at a table in front of a window of a window .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and woman are playing a game .
a young girl plays with toys .
a man in a vest is sleeping .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
old man sleeping on bench .
a man riding a bike in the air .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
a bmx rider jumping off a jump .
a bmx biker flies through the air .
a woman eating .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is holding a book .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person riding a horse .
a tennis player is hitting the ball .
a musician playing guitar .
a man in a white shirt is buying meat .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a blue shirt is standing next to a man .
a man playing an accordion .
people looking at food at a market .
a man and a woman are looking at fish in a fish market .
a child plays with a toy .
a woman is walking down the street .
a little girl in a green shirt is sitting in a green chair .
a man is looking at food .
a woman in a black shirt and a man in a blue shirt are watching a performance .
a young woman in a room .
people in an art gallery .
a child jumps through a fence .
two women looking at an asian woman .
a group of people looking at art .
a man and a woman pose for a photo .
a woman in a black jacket is walking .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a young girl in a green dress is walking through a field .
a girl is standing in front of a window .
a girl in a pink shirt is jumping in the air .
a girl is standing in a window .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder jumps off a ramp .
a woman is hanging from the sun .
a skateboarder in a city .
a man standing at a podium .
a man is looking at a screen screen .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man working on a machine .
a boy climbing a fence .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a woman works on a fence .
a boy climbing a fence .
a boy rides a skateboard .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man in a subway .
a boy in a blue shirt is trying to put up a basketball .
a group of people are gathered together .
a little girl in a pink dress is smiling .
a group of people at an event .
an asian woman in an orange dress is walking .
a woman stands in front of a crowd of people .
two people running .
a young boy is running in the sun .
a man is sleeping on a tree .
three dogs racing around a track .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a hammer .
a biker is riding his bike next to a tree .
two men are playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt is sleeping on a tree .
a man holding a little girl .
two people are standing on the side of the road .
a man is standing next to a little girl .
a man on a sidewalk .
a man is talking to a child .
two men working in a factory .
a man walks his bike .
people walking down the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men are walking down the street .
people are walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
a middle aged man is walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a middle aged man walks down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man with long hair is sitting on a bench .
a group of people dancing .
two children are playing on a roller coaster .
two children ride a roller coaster .
two children ride a carnival ride .
two people ride a carnival ride .
two children are having fun .
a girl poses for a picture .
a child rides a bike .
a group of people are waiting for the camera .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is walking through the street .
children dancing in a parade .
a man at a fair .
a construction worker is riding a tractor .
two men working on railroad tracks .
construction workers are working .
three men painting a wall .
men working on railroad tracks .
a man painting a picture .
a man in a park .
a group of young people gather on a bridge .
two women sitting next to a building .
a group of people talking .
two young women are walking down the street .
asian women are walking .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog is laying on the ground .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
people playing soccer .
four people playing soccer .
four people playing soccer in a field .
soccer players are playing soccer .
four guys playing soccer .
two dogs play in the snow .
a boy in a red hat rides a horse .
a woman looking at the camera .
a group of friends taking pictures .
three little girls smiling .
a man plays with a child .
a person jumping off a rock .
a young boy is singing into a microphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
a snowboarder on a mountain .
a snowboarder wearing a helmet .
a person is walking down the street .
a snowboarder on a mountain .
a snowboarder in a red jacket is going down a mountain .
a smiling child is smiling .
a black dog is running .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a woman dances for an audience .
people having drinks .
a man is pouring something in a container .
two men grilling meat .
a woman and a child are outside .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a woman and a dog outside .
a man taking a picture .
a large group of people are walking .
a man taking a picture of a woman .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people are working on a project .
people selling goods on the street .
a man holding a drink .
a man in a canoe in the water .
a group of people working with wood .
a photographer waits for the camera .
a kayaker flies through the water .
a group of children are sitting and eating .
a woman is getting ready to take a picture .
two people walking down the street .
a group of kids sitting and eating .
two children are eating .
a band is performing on stage .
a black and white dog catching a ball .
a man is singing into a microphone .
many people are walking down the street in the street .
a man sitting at a bus stop .
two people looking at an aquarium .
people waiting for a bus .
a woman holding a child .
two men talking to each other .
two women are looking at the water .
a couple kissing by a fountain .
a man in a yellow shirt pulling a tool .
women running down the street .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man is looking at food in a restaurant .
people shopping at a market .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a woman walking next to a bicycle .
a man riding a horse .
an older man is sitting on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is leaning against a fire engine .
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .
an older man is working on a truck .
two dogs in the snow .
a child swings a swing .
three women talking at a table .
a young man rides a bike .
a woman and a young boy are riding on a dirt path .
a group of women eating lunch .
a boy is pushing a cart down a street .
a group of young people are sitting in a canoe in a small boat .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
four people in a boat .
a woman and a child are sitting in a canoe .
a family enjoying the day .
three people are sitting in a canoe .
a woman and a child are walking through a lake .
a woman is looking at a store window .
a man taking a picture .
a group of children playing instruments .
two boys are playing in the water .
a band is playing music .
two boys playing in the water .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children coloring together .
a child playing in the grass .
a man dressed in a black shirt is walking down the street .
marathon runners running down the street .
a man running down the street in a marathon .
a group of people walking past a glass building .
children playing soccer .
children in martial arts uniforms practice martial arts .
a baseball player throws a baseball .
two football players are fighting .
two people are walking down the street .
a baseball game in a game .
a team of football players are celebrating .
a football game .
two football players are tackling each other .
two dogs run around .
two men playing basketball .
two men playing basketball .
three men playing chess .
a group of young men are playing a game of chess .
a woman is looking down .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a woman wearing a black shirt and glasses is looking at something .
a boy is playing a game at a target .
men playing rugby .
a group of people are playing a video game .
a child playing with a toy .
a child on a ride .
a boy playing a game of chess .
a child poses for a picture .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a child is standing next to plants .
a boy in a field .
a crowd of people watching a group of people .
a jockey in a red hat rides a horse down a track .
students waiting for a train .
a man racing on a camel .
a group of students are walking down the street .
a dog rides a horse .
a bride and groom at a wedding .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of women are dancing .
two women in a cage .
two women wearing costumes .
a group of young women dressed in red and white costumes dancing in front of a group of people and a woman wearing a black dress .
women dancing in front of a crowd .
two dancers are in front of a crowd of people .
two women are working on a project .
two dancers perform on stage .
two women dancing .
two women dance in front of two women .
a group of people dancing .
people dancing .
a group of people are dancing at a party .
people are standing in the snow .
a group of adults are sitting outside .
two people are pulling a sled .
a dog with its mouth open .
three people are laying in the snow .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a man playing with a dog .
a man is playing with a dog .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tug of war .
a man playing with a dog .
construction workers stand around a building .
a group of people walking together .
a group of people are working on a building .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man holding a small dog .
a man is laying on a blanket on a blanket .
a man is sitting on a blanket on a blanket .
a man is trying to catch a dog .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man in a yellow jacket is walking .
a man is doing a jump on a dirt path .
a bike rider jumping off a ramp .
a man rides a unicycle .
a biker rides a bike .
a child stands on rocks .
a child smiling .
a hockey player attempts to block the puck .
a group of people playing basketball .
people playing on the beach .
a hockey player is attempting to block the puck .
two hockey players are playing ice hockey .
a man is cutting wood .
a man working on a machine .
a man cutting wood .
a man cutting wood .
a man is using a wooden fence .
a woman doing a jump .
a boy wearing a helmet .
a person is walking down the street .
a boy rides a bike in a park .
a woman is running .
a group of people gather in the middle of a field of water .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a man and a woman are swimming in a pool .
a sprinkler splashes in the water .
a group of people watch a fountain .
a group of people are standing in front of a church .
a bicyclist performing a trick .
a hiker with a backpack on a mountain .
a person stands in front of a museum .
a woman in a jogging race .
a person is carrying a backpack .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman looking at her laptop .
a man with long brown hair is talking on a cellphone .
two friends are performing .
a band performs on stage .
a man is singing into a microphone with a microphone in the background .
a singer sings into a microphone .
soldiers standing in formation .
a man repairing a bicycle next to a car .
a black dog and a black and white dog are swimming .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog jumps through the air .
a dog runs through a field .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men waiting outside .
a person on a boat .
people walking down the street .
two soldiers wearing hats .
two women walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
two women walking down a street .
two women walking down the street in the street .
a busy city street .
a baseball game in a stadium .
an older man is looking at something .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a man and woman walk down the street .
people walking down a street .
people walking down a street .
a group of people playing football .
a man is sitting on a bike .
a person standing on a bicycle .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a shirtless man painting a wall .
a man in a white shirt is painting a sculpture .
people are standing in a building .
a man painting a ceiling .
a woman washing dishes .
people relaxing on the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are playing outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman in an orange coat is smoking a cigarette .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
a woman with a coat on .
a child wearing a coat .
a little girl wearing a coat .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man playing a guitar .
a little girl in a pink dress is smiling .
a child is standing on a sidewalk .
a young girl is working on a machine .
a child taking a picture .
a group of people eating .
a man in a blue coat is shoveling snow .
two people standing in front of a store .
a man is eating a meal .
a man drinking wine .
a man is eating food .
a man drinking a drink .
a man is drinking beer .
a young girl is holding a baby .
a young girl is holding a piece of paper .
people walking down the street .
a person walking down a city street .
people are sitting at a table .
two people at a festival .
a girl is walking down a street .
a man with a blue shirt is riding a motorbike .
a boy is standing in front of a brick building .
a boy with his eyes closed .
a boy with his eyes closed .
a boy leaning against a wall .
people are sitting on a pier .
a child is looking at something .
two children eating food .
two young boys are standing on an airplane .
a man is pulling a fishing net into the water .
two boys walk by a wall .
a group of people are spraying water .
a dog is drinking water out of the water .
two women are playing in the water .
a group of people hanging out .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a man in a leather jacket listening to a cellphone .
two men wearing jackets .
a man standing next to a man standing next to him .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the street .
a man wearing a uniform .
a man in a suit .
a man holding his hands .
a man in a suit stands in front of his back .
a man in a suit is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is standing behind his back .
a man in a black suit is posing with his hands .
a man on a sunny day .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a brown suit is standing next to his legs while standing next to his bike .
a man in a suit .
a man in a brown suit is speaking into a microphone .
two men are walking down the street .
two men playing soccer .
two men playing basketball .
four men playing soccer .
a man drinking a drink .
a person jumping off a rock .
two men playing a game .
a female gymnast jumping off the ground .
two girls are riding bikes .
a gymnast performs on stage .
a boy and girl riding bikes .
two children are riding a bicycle down the street .
two young children riding a bicycle .
children are riding bikes .
two children playing outside .
a man and a woman are on the beach .
two guys on a beach .
a group of people are in the distance .
two little girls riding a large bicycle .
a wedding party party .
many people wearing colorful costumes .
a wedding party takes a picture .
a bride and groom posing for a photo .
a group of people posing for a picture .
tourists on a bus .
people playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing music outside .
a crowd watching a performance .
a group of people are listening to music .
kids playing on a swing .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man is trying to sell a machine .
a group of people are waiting for a marathon .
a man is looking at a parking meter .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is standing in front of a machine .
a crowd of people are gathered in front of buildings .
a man wearing a mask is wearing a mask .
people running around a track .
a woman is looking at a pot .
a man is dancing .
a man in a suit is looking at something .
a man wearing a mask .
a clown in a red dress with red flowers .
a man and a boy are pushing a cart .
two people are sitting in a cart .
a man and a woman ride a vehicle .
men working in front of a street .
a man is driving a scooter .
a young boy pushes a cart full of kids .
a young man working in a workshop .
two men in a city .
construction workers are working on the street .
a group of workers are working on a project .
people gathered around a bus .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in an orange shirt is working .
an old man looking at something .
a group of children playing outside .
people sitting in a tree .
children in a tree .
children in a tree .
children in a tree .
a group of children playing outside .
a dog stands on grass .
a group of children playing outside .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a dog is playing with a toy .
people are walking down the street .
a woman stands at the entrance of a building .
people waiting for customers .
a woman holding a camera .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
people working in the woods .
a group of people on a boat .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
two children are holding sticks .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a group of children are watching a performance .
two children in a crowd .
children playing soccer .
a little boy runs through a pile of leaves .
a boy in a coat is sitting on a bench .
a boy playing in the snow .
a child playing in the sand .
people riding bikes .
a child is playing in the snow .
two people are riding on an escalator .
a couple kissing .
two people on an escalator .
two people are sitting on an escalator .
a couple is riding an escalator .
a black and white dog runs through a field .
children playing in a building .
a group of people in a room .
a group of children playing in a room .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person is jumping off of a trampoline in a park .
an asian man is holding a shopping bag across a busy street .
a girl is sliding down a slide .
a girl in a yellow shirt sliding down a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a young girl on a playground .
a young girl playing on a swing .
people standing in front of a bus .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on the floor while others watch .
a motorcyclist is sitting on a motorcycle .
a man sitting on the ground .
a man holding his head .
a man is taking a break .
a man is standing in front of a bus .
a man drives a bus .
a man is working on the ground .
a man and a woman are walking down a road .
a group of people shopping at walmart .
people shopping in a store .
a man in a suit is looking at the camera .
a man and woman walk along a sidewalk .
a man and woman walk down the street .
an elderly man and woman walking on the sidewalk .
a young man and woman are walking along a sidewalk with graffiti on it .
two young people are walking down a sidewalk in a city .
a man and woman walk down a sidewalk .
people walking in front of a brick wall .
a man and woman walk down the street .
two women sitting in a chair .
a worker wearing a hard hat and hard hat .
a woman selling food .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a band performs on stage .
a man is shoveling snow in a snowy area .
a group of men riding scooters down a street .
a man in a coat is shoveling snow .
a group of people are riding horses .
a man shoveling snow .
a group of children singing and dancing .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a suit is holding a microphone .
a boy is running through the woods .
a person dressed in a costume .
a young boy jumping off a rail .
a young boy is standing next to a ladder .
a little boy on a skateboard .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a cyclist riding his bike .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man jumping rope .
a man jumping rope .
a man is doing a trick on a bike .
a man jumping rope .
a man is jumping rope .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a group of people buying food from a table .
a man jumping in a gym .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a young boy is doing a handstand .
a boy is sitting on the floor .
a toddler is in a living room .
a baby is laying on a floor .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a biker is riding a motorbike .
a man rides a bike in the woods .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a man is holding a ladder .
a man is hanging upside down .
a bride and groom walk by a river .
a man working on a stove .
a man is walking down the street .
three people are eating food .
three people talking at a party .
a man is laughing .
a group of people are eating and drinking .
three people are smiling and smiling .
three people eating and eating .
a group of people are eating food .
three people eating .
a child is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman stands in the middle of a street .
a child stands in the street .
a child is walking down the street .
a child stands in the street .
a couple poses for a picture .
a child is looking at something .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
a man riding a bike .
a firefighter stands in front of a building .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two men wearing hard hats .
a man riding a bike .
a man in a yellow shirt is juggling traffic .
people posing for a picture .
a young man holds a piece of wood with a young girl in a blue shirt .
a little girl smiles while smiling .
a man and a woman are holding a piece of wood .
a little girl is holding a plastic bag .
a little girl is holding a piece of wood .
a little girl is smiling .
two men working on a project .
two men standing next to a billboard .
a construction worker is fixing a train .
a man in a hard hat is working on a rooftop .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is carrying a tray of food on his head .
a man in a white shirt holding a tray of food on his head .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a person is standing next to a street vendor with a sign .
people standing on a dirt road .
a person selling items on a dirt road .
a person is standing on a dirt road on a dirt road .
a person is standing on a road .
a woman in a black shirt is holding something .
a woman in a black shirt is talking to a woman in a blue shirt .
a man is carrying a lot of objects .
a man rides a bike .
a man rides a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick in an arena .
a man practicing martial arts .
a child and a child with a book .
a man playing guitar at the beach .
people walking down the street .
a girl is sitting on a bed .
a man in an orange hard hat is working .
a man is playing volleyball on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
people walking down the street .
a man is standing on rocks .
two men playing football .
a man is standing in a building .
a woman is playing a slot machine .
a man and woman are talking to each other .
two people talking to each other .
a man and woman are talking to each other .
a group of people are talking in a room .
a child in a red shirt is smiling .
a child wearing a hat .
a young child stands on top of a circle .
a child stands on concrete steps .
a man is working on a metal beam .
a child dressed in colorful clothing stands outside .
a child in a colorful outfit is standing on a sidewalk .
a child stands on the sidewalk .
a child stands outside .
a child stands outside .
a child is playing in the street .
a child is standing on a stool .
a person is standing in front of a window .
a man riding a bike .
a man working on a roof .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is shooting a hose .
a basketball player prepares to block the ball .
a basketball player wearing a white and white jersey is attempting to block the ball in the hoop .
a basketball player is jumping .
a boy skateboarding in a park .
a boy is skating down a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a boy skateboarding .
an asian man is looking through the air .
a woman walks past a man .
a man selling fruit on a cellphone .
a group of people standing at a booth .
a man selling fruit at a stand .
a man with long hair plays a guitar .
a group of musicians playing music .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man playing the trumpet .
a musician playing a guitar .
a girl in a purple shirt is running by a girl in a pink shirt .
a group of bicyclists ride past a city .
children are sitting at a table .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a skateboarder doing tricks on his skateboard .
a skateboarder in a park .
a man stands in front of a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
a woman is using a microscope .
a person is looking through a microscope .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman looking through a microscope .
a woman is using a microscope .
a woman using a microscope .
a woman in a brown shirt is looking through a microscope .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman looking through a microscope .
a woman looking at something .
a woman looking at something in her hand .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman is looking through a microscope .
a woman is looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope in a science lab .
a woman using a microscope .
a woman looking at something .
a group of workers are working outside .
a woman is smiling at the camera .
a bartender is making a drink .
a little boy plays with a toy .
a woman pouring something into a glass bowl .
a child is holding a shovel in his mouth .
a young boy in a blue shirt and black pants is smiling .
a bartender poses for a picture .
a boy is pushing a cart full of leaves .
two dogs running on sand .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a skateboarder in a skate park .
a box of food on a table .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a crowd watching an event .
a group of people at an event .
two people wearing sunglasses .
a crowd watching an event .
a group of people wearing sunglasses are watching an event .
a group of adults and children sitting around a table .
a crowd of people waiting for a concert .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a man talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
people watching a fight .
two wrestlers are wrestling in front of two sumo wrestlers .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a green uniform .
two men fighting .
a man in a yellow shirt is in a living room .
a woman jumping over a hurdle .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man in a yellow shirt and green pants is jumping off the ground .
a woman is running past a brick wall .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in a yellow shirt .
a group of people talking .
a woman with long hair wearing a black shirt .
a group of people are fishing .
a man stands in front of a wooden structure .
two girls drinking a drink .
a man and a woman are having fun .
a black and white dog catching a frisbee .
a man sitting on a bench .
two girls in a shop .
a group of women at a store .
two girls are sitting at a table .
two women are writing on a piece of paper .
a clown in a microphone .
people riding on motorcycles .
two people are performing .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a male performer on stage .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
two young boys dancing .
two men performing on stage .
two men in black shirts are on a stage .
two men are playing basketball .
two men in black shirts are doing karate .
men doing martial arts .
two men are balancing on their arm .
a group of men are dancing .
two men are cutting wood .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a man is listening to a crowd of people .
a man and woman are dancing .
a man breakdancing on a stage .
a man breakdancing on a stage .
a man breakdancing on a stage .
a woman holding a dog .
a man painting a ladder on a ladder .
a man painting a picture .
a man is working on a ladder on a ladder .
a man painting a picture .
a man standing on a ladder .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a man juggling drums on fire .
a woman holding a piece of metal .
a boy plays with a train .
a child wearing glasses and a white shirt .
a man walking down the street .
a man working in a construction site .
a man is juggling knives .
a construction worker in a construction site .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
an elderly man is sitting at a desk .
a man sitting on a chair looking into the street .
a young woman practicing martial arts .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman practicing martial arts .
a young man in a pink shirt is walking .
a woman practicing martial arts .
a woman lays in the snow next to a small brown dog .
a man reading a newspaper on a train .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture of a dog .
a man is standing next to a dog .
a man poses with his dog .
a dog climbs over a tree .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a chef is serving a meal .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a person stands in front of a poster .
a little girl wearing a yellow and yellow dress .
two people riding on a truck .
two people riding on a vehicle .
a man is hanging out of a truck .
a man and a woman are looking at a truck .
a group of people are sitting in a boat .
a girl playing in the water .
two men are shoveling trash in the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two men working on a truck .
two men are working on a truck .
two men are standing up .
construction workers standing around a construction site .
a man in a white shirt is working on a truck .
a man in a hard hat .
three men are talking to each other .
a man is standing next to a vehicle .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a man in a black jacket is pulling a sign .
a group of people getting ready for a race .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a group of cheerleaders are standing on a field .
a smiling man smiling .
three men are standing next to a wheelbarrow .
a man and a woman work together .
a man is giving a speech .
a group of people are standing outside .
a couple dancing .
a man and woman dancing .
a young man dances with a girl .
a man and woman dancing .
a man in a stadium .
a man is working on a truck .
a dog runs through the grass .
people are walking down a snowy street .
a car drives through a car .
a man is looking at something .
a truck drives down the street .
a child is playing soccer .
a young girl kicking a soccer ball .
a little girl kicking a soccer ball .
a girl playing with a ball .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man wearing a baseball cap .
a child climbing a rock .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a person on a skateboard .
construction workers are working .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs running in a forest .
two dogs on the road .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two dogs in a park .
a girl wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child playing with a toy .
a little boy wearing a blue shirt .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a boy walking down the street .
a toddler is standing in front of a tree .
a little girl sits on a bench .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a little girl sticking out her tongue out .
a little girl in a blue dress sitting on a wooden bench .
a little girl is sticking her tongue out .
two children playing in the grass .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a person walking down the street .
a boy is running .
a boy sits on a rock ledge overlooking mountains .
a boy is taking a nap .
two people are walking down the street .
a boy is looking at the camera .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike .
a person is standing next to a car .
people walking down the street .
a group of men riding bikes .
four men are walking down the street .
a cyclist is wearing a blue hat .
a ballerina dances with a group of people .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a couple looking at a painting .
two men are working on a roof .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman and a child are standing by a window .
two women looking out the window of a window .
three people in a building .
three construction workers are working on a construction site .
a boy and a woman look out over a window .
a group of people looking out at the window of a window .
a child with face paint .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a police officer talks on a cellphone .
two women are looking at a group of people .
two women wearing white shirts are walking down a street .
two women are talking to each other .
two women are standing in front of a crowd .
two women standing in front of a crowd .
two young girls are dancing .
a dog chewing on a stick .
students in a classroom .
a group of people are playing in the water .
a woman getting married .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a woman is working with flowers .
two girls are making pottery .
the brown dog is laying on the carpet .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are fighting .
a man with long hair is wearing a blue shirt .
two police officers on a boardwalk .
two football players playing basketball .
two police officers are in a vehicle .
two men wearing hats .
a boy in a sweater is holding a wooden pole .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a basketball player is attempting to block the ball .
a young girl is smiling .
a race car is being ridden off the ground .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a boy and a boy are smiling and smiling .
a child wearing a scarf .
a woman in a skirt is holding a piece of paper .
a toddler is wearing orange .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a woman is holding a knife .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a young woman in a green dress is smiling .
a woman wearing a green dress .
a woman in a blue shirt is applying mascara .
two men are talking .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man with a beard is carrying a stick .
a man is holding a pipe .
a man is holding an object .
a man with no shirt on .
a man holding a fishing pole .
a man is skiing in the snow .
a firefighter stands next to a firetruck .
a fireman is standing next to a firetruck .
a man is holding a hose .
a firefighter is wearing a uniform .
a fireman holding a hose .
an old man holding a hose .
people waiting in line .
a fireman holding a hose .
a small child is sitting on a man 's lap .
two men are standing outside .
a group of people walking on the street .
a little girl in a colorful dress smiles .
a child is praying .
a child is making a funny face .
a young child is praying at a party .
a group of soldiers are standing in front of an audience .
people standing on a dock .
a busy city street .
a group of men are having a good time .
a group of men posing for a picture .
people are walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench .
two dogs running through the grass .
two dogs running through the grass .
two dogs in a garden .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs play in the grass .
two men are walking down the street .
men walking down a city street .
three men are standing outside .
three men are standing outside .
three men are standing in the street .
a group of people are eating .
a group of people are looking at something .
people walking down a street .
three men are holding hands .
two men are holding hands .
three people running on a track .
three men competing in a race .
a child running .
a man sits outside of a house .
a woman wearing a scarf is holding a tray .
a woman works on a loom .
an artist working on an art project .
a woman making something .
two young girls are sitting on a bench .
a man is smiling at the camera .
two basketball players on the court .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing in line .
people at night at night at night .
two men are standing in a store .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are walking on a river in a river .
a woman is covering her face .
a man rides a bike on the beach .
an older woman hugging a young girl .
a young woman showing a little girl how to use a little girl .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
three greyhounds racing down the ice .
a person in a swimming pool .
a man is walking down the street .
a man climbing a rock .
a person stands in the water .
a climber climbing a wall .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman jumping into a swimming pool .
a man is working on a piece of paper .
a group of children are playing a game .
a group of people sitting in the grass .
a group of young people on a field .
people sitting on blankets in the grass .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a chef in a blue shirt is cooking .
a group of people holding hands .
a yellow van drives down a busy street .
a man fishing .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a musician playing the violin .
a man playing guitar in front of a wall .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is looking at something .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of men standing around a table .
two men are eating a meal .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
three people in white shirts .
people are playing instruments .
three people walking down the street .
a group of children jumping on a trampoline .
an old man is hugging a woman on a couch .
two people hugging each other .
two women hugging each other .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is hugging a woman on a table .
a woman hanging upside down .
two men are preparing food in a restaurant .
a group of people looking at a house .
a black and white dog running in a field .
a person is upside down .
a man is laughing .
a woman is laughing .
a woman laughing .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a black dog running .
two men are smoking a cigarette outside .
a dog walks over a ramp .
a dog walks on a ladder .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy is running .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt is playing soccer .
a soccer player kicks a ball .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
soccer players are playing soccer .
people sitting on steps .
people sitting by a fountain .
a group of people are gathered together .
people sitting by a pool .
a rugby player kicking a ball .
people waiting to cross the street .
a man cooking meat on a grill .
four people in a room .
a dog jumps in the air .
a woman running a marathon .
a girl walking down the street .
three people posing for a picture .
people shopping at a market .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing instruments .
people walking down the street .
a woman is eating .
a woman laying down on the ground .
two people are sitting on a couch .
two girls smiling .
a group of people playing in a field .
a dog in the snow .
a man cutting a meal .
a woman is sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a man holding a camera .
a little girl wearing a purple scarf .
people standing in a parking lot .
a girl is standing on the grass .
a group of people are smiling .
a group of people standing in front of a car .
a group of people are standing outside .
a little boy is walking down a railroad track with a stick in his hand .
a boy walking down the street .
a young boy in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a little boy in a red jacket is walking down the railroad tracks .
a boy walking down the railroad tracks .
a guy skateboarding .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
a little boy is walking on the railroad tracks .
a child is walking on train tracks .
two men are throwing a frisbee .
a parade in a parade .
people taking pictures .
a man drives a trailer with a donkey .
a woman in a parade .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a woman wearing a green shirt and green pants .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl walking down the street .
a blond girl wearing a bikini is walking down a street .
a little girl walking down the street .
a girl in a bathing suit laughs .
a girl in a bikini is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman dressed in a red suit is dancing .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman in a costume is dancing .
a woman in a costume .
a woman in a green dress is at a parade .
a man in front of a laptop .
a group of people working in a room .
two people working in a kitchen .
a group of people in a room .
construction workers working on a project .
a person running down the street .
a nurse in a hospital .
people are sitting on a vehicle .
firefighters are fighting in the snow .
a group of men in uniform .
a group of people wearing hard hats .
two women walking down the street .
a man on a train .
a man sitting on steps .
people talking outside .
a man pointing at the camera .
a young boy is looking at the camera .
a man is standing next to another man .
a man working on a piece of pottery .
a man in a blue and white costume is posing with a man in a blue costume .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a group of men and women at a sporting event .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a crowd of people in blue shirts .
a crowd gathers for a crowd .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people attending a wedding .
a group of people are watching a game .
a woman laughing .
a man wearing glasses is sitting on a bench .
a group of firemen are standing outside .
a little boy in a blue shirt is looking at the water .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
four men standing next to a truck .
a nurse cuts a cake on a patient .
a scuba diver is swimming .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a teenage boy on a mountain bike .
a man is using a pot .
a scientist looking at a microphone .
a lab worker looking through a microscope .
a man is racing .
a man is wearing a helmet .
a young man rides his bike in the woods .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man fishing in the ocean .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
people building a building .
a bicyclist doing a jump .
a young man doing tricks on his bike .
a person in a suit is taking pictures .
a young man doing tricks on a bike .
a group of people are gathered around a concert .
a man holding a sign .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
people performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a group of people standing on rocks .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a young man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are standing in front of an old building .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child are standing next to a cow .
people posing for a picture .
three people are looking at a building .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person in a park .
a woman stands next to a statue .
a family is eating .
two people sleeping on a couch .
a couple sleeping on a bench .
a young woman is sleeping .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of people are sitting around a table in a room .
a group of people in a circle .
two people sleeping .
two people smiling .
a group of young adults posing for a picture .
a man is drawing a picture of a young girl .
two children pose for a picture .
two people smiling at the camera .
a man cutting a piece of wood .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
two boys are playing soccer .
an older man and two boys are cleaning wood .
three men are cleaning wood .
a person walking down the street .
a man is jumping off a rocky ledge .
a girl is jumping into a river .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a view of a cliff in the air .
a man takes a picture of a young girl .
a boy jumps off a slide .
a boy is standing in the water .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a boy swimming .
a boy is standing in the water .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a person snowboarding .
a man snowboarding on a snowboard .
two snowboarders in the snow .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man and woman are holding a baby .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
a man with a baby and a baby with a baby .
a woman holding a baby .
a man watches as a woman watches .
a child holds a child .
a worker stands next to a large truck .
a baby playing in the water .
two people are having a discussion .
a dog walks through the snow .
a female singer is performing on stage .
a father and son are playing in the sand .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
a woman looking at a painting .
two people playing instruments .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bike .
a man on a busy street .
a biker on a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a man on a bicycle .
a man in a construction uniform standing next to a truck .
a child playing on a playground .
a woman and a child are smiling .
a mother plays with her child .
a baby is standing in the snow .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a woman is sleeping .
a boy playing on a playground .
a group of soccer players competing in a game .
football players are celebrating .
a group of teenagers having fun .
a group of soccer players in blue uniforms and blue uniforms .
a little girl eating food .
a hiker walking down the street .
a man using a hammer .
a group of teenagers walking down the street .
a person is holding something .
two children are playing on a playground .
a group of people walking down a street .
two men jumping over water .
three people are standing outside .
people are doing yoga .
three people are standing outside .
a woman is sitting down and talking on a cellphone .
a person riding a motorcycle on the street .
a woman running in a marathon .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman on a cellphone is talking to a motorcycle .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a scuba diver diving into a swimming pool .
a group of children holding balloons .
an asian man stands outside .
a woman sitting in a chair .
a man riding a horse .
a man rides his bike .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a room with other people in the background .
a man jumps over a hurdle .
a man is jumping over a hurdle .
a man in a green and white shirt is jumping over a hurdle .
a person jumps over a hurdle .
a runner is running in a race .
an asian man looking at the camera .
two women preparing food .
a man is playing with a fire engine .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
two women working on a dinner table .
two women are preparing dinner .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
students sitting in a classroom .
a group of people are sitting at a conference table .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans .
a woman dancing .
children waiting for a train .
three children are standing next to a train .
three children are sitting on a train .
children waiting at a train station .
a boy in a yellow coat is standing in a yellow jacket .
a child eating ice cream .
a young child eating a snack .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a young girl is eating a treat .
a young child in a blue shirt holding a cellphone .
a biker in a forest .
a woman is riding a bike .
a little girl is working on a piece of paper .
a woman in a blue shirt is working on a building .
a woman in a blue shirt cleans a clothesline .
a person rides a bike in the woods .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a man with a laptop in his lap .
a man is standing next to a mountain .
a photographer is getting ready to throw a video camera .
a man reading a book .
a man is reading a book .
two women walking in the rain .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
two women walking in the rain .
two women walking in the rain .
people are walking in the rain .
two people crossing the street in the rain .
a bicyclist rides down a road .
two children holding a crying baby .
a group of people are making a funny face .
a young man reads a laptop .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a boy is sitting at a picnic table .
a dog is standing in the water .
two girls ice skating .
a group of adults playing a game .
a man juggling drums .
a man surfing on the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer is riding a wave .
a woman looking at the camera .
a man surfing a wave .
people at a sporting event .
a group of people competing in a competition .
a baseball player is attempting to throw a ball .
a person is standing in the water .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a couple hugging .
a dog in the snow .
a dog on the beach .
a little girl is hugging a girl .
a black dog with a harness on its head .
a man and woman hugging each other .
a doctor working on a patient .
a man is looking at a screen .
a doctor working on a patient .
a man in a room full of medical equipment .
a man is operating a piece of machinery .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt holding a brush .
a person stands next to a body of water .
a man fishing .
a man fishing .
a man in a winter jacket is fishing .
a man fishing .
a man cleans wood .
a woman in a subway .
a man is carrying wood .
two men work on a tree .
a man with a backpack is holding a branch .
a woman is playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
children holding balloons .
a woman playing tennis .
two children playing on the grass .
a woman on a tennis court .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a young woman in a swimming pool .
a young boy is looking at a young boy .
a man working on a ladder .
a group of girls in blue uniforms are getting ready for a game .
a blond woman is sitting on a stool .
a man in a blue shirt pulling a cart .
a girl rides a red bicycle .
a woman is standing in a field .
a person skiing .
a skier doing a jump in the air .
a skier doing a jump .
a person on skis .
a boy rides a bike .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people in orange vests are standing in the middle of an airport .
a group of girls are walking down a street .
two men working on a project .
a young girl is hugging a young girl in a pink dress .
two girls hugging each other .
two girls hugging each other .
three girls are walking down the street .
three girls posing .
three children are playing .
three girls are sitting next to each other .
two women sitting on the pavement .
a woman walking down the street .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants .
two women sit on a bench .
two people are sitting in front of a building .
a group of women are sitting in front of a road .
two people are waiting for their turn .
a group of cyclists race down the street .
a man rides a skateboard .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man rides a bicycle down a street .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a young man running down a road .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
a man rides a bike .
a man is carrying a basket .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man rides a bike through a crowd .
a band performs in a studio .
two men playing instruments .
two people playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of people in front of a lake .
a child is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people at a farm .
people walking down a street .
a dog on the grass .
a group of men sit on a building .
a woman and a man on stage .
two men playing a game .
a woman is singing into a microphone with a microphone in front of her .
a group of athletes playing soccer .
two men playing in the water .
a man is sitting with his guitar .
a young boy playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a person stands next to a river .
a person is holding a rope .
a person stands in the water .
a man with a rope with a rope in his mouth .
a man in a white shirt is looking down .
a woman holding a rope .
a group of men and women are posing for a picture .
children playing outside .
a woman walking in front of an advertisement .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are having a laugh .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a child is playing in a fountain .
a crowd of people in traditional garb .
a woman is holding a sword in the forest .
a black dog is walking through the grass .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a brown dog is carrying a stick .
a man and woman dancing in a parade .
a man and woman dancing .
a woman and a man dancing .
a girl is holding a red and yellow balloon .
a child holding a red balloon .
a girl holding a balloon .
a little girl is sticking out her tongue out .
a man is looking up .
people walking down a street .
a woman juggling .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is performing a handstand on the street .
a man juggling knives .
two girls riding horses .
a band performs in a band .
a group of people are dancing .
a man playing the drums .
a woman playing a guitar .
a boy is standing next to another man .
a girl playing the guitar .
a woman playing guitar .
a woman is playing her guitar .
a band is playing the drums .
a band performs on stage .
a baseball player on the field .
a baseball pitcher looking out .
a football player holding a ball .
a baseball player prepares to throw a ball .
a man and a girl are jumping in the middle of a road .
a group of men sitting at tables .
a woman is standing in a room with her arm .
a man is welding a fire .
a man is walking down the street .
two women playing tennis .
a woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
a man in glasses is reading a book .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a green shirt is working on a car .
two women playing tennis .
two dogs stand next to water .
a group of men are sitting in chairs .
two cars racing on a track .
two cars on the street .
a race car is parked on the side of the road .
a man in a church .
two cars race in front of a car .
an elderly man is looking over something .
a person on a horse .
a man is walking down the street .
three people are standing in a cart .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a group of people on a stage .
a brown dog is playing with a cloth .
a dog is holding a towel .
a black and white dog on the floor .
people swimming in a pool .
people are standing in a basket .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a woman is riding a bike .
a person climbing up a fence .
two people standing next to a railing .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a baseball player is bowling .
two men digging in a cave .
people shopping in china .
a soldier giving a speech .
a man is walking under a tunnel .
a soldier gives a speech to a podium .
a group of men are talking outside .
two children are wearing life jackets .
children swimming in a raft .
children are playing in the water .
children swimming in a raft .
children are swimming in a raft .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is riding a horse .
a group of people are talking .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a hiker walking down the street .
a man in a yellow shirt rides a bike .
a group of dogs playing in the snow .
a woman is playing piano .
two people hiking through the snow .
a person is on a platform .
people are sitting next to a sign .
a group of people are knitting .
a person riding a bike .
people standing around a booth .
a woman standing at a podium .
a crowd of people gathered around a tent .
people standing next to a booth .
a woman drinking a beverage .
a woman is walking through a crowd .
a woman is walking through a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is working on a train .
a man is walking through a crowd of people .
three women are walking through a large crowd of people .
a man is using a book .
a man is sitting on a bench reading a book .
a man reading a book in a book .
a man with long brown hair wearing a long sleeve shirt .
a group of children playing together .
a black and white dog is looking at the camera .
women are knitting .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog standing on its hind legs .
a dog stands on its hind legs .
a black dog is talking on a cellphone .
a man is walking down the street .
an elderly man is sleeping on a park bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man laying on a bench .
a young woman laying on a stone wall .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a little boy is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a firefighter standing on a ladder .
two children are standing in front of the ocean .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing outside a building .
a policeman walks next to a bus and a truck .
a truck is parked on the road .
a man is laying down .
a boy in a white shirt lays on a rock .
a boy is walking down the street .
a boy laying down on the ground .
a boy laying down on the ground .
a woman is standing next to a man .
two girls with long hair .
a bicyclist rides through a busy street .
a person in a red shirt rides a bike past a crowd .
a person riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a couple kissing on a balcony .
an asian couple walking on the sidewalk .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
two girls are laughing .
a man in a parade .
a man and a woman are walking in a parking lot .
an asian man and woman walking down the street .
a man and woman walk past a green car .
a group of people are jumping rope .
two people are standing on the street .
a couple kissing .
a group of people are playing in dirt .
a group of children playing soccer .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man using a knife .
a chef preparing food in a restaurant .
a person cutting up vegetables .
a woman in a kitchen kitchen .
a man is cooking food .
a man standing next to a car .
a man in a blue shirt is smoking a cigarette .
two men walking down the street .
two female volleyball players competing in the olympics .
a man giving a presentation .
two teams compete in the olympics .
a woman playing volleyball .
two teams playing soccer .
a baseball player swings at a ball .
a car on fire .
two men sweeping the sidewalk .
a man preparing food at a restaurant .
a man is cooking meat .
a man in a white shirt is preparing a meal .
a man is preparing food in a kitchen .
a man is cooking .
a man is cooking meat .
a man doing a handstand .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a man preparing food in a kitchen .
a young boy is helping a young boy .
a man in a wheelchair with a young boy in a wheelchair .
a woman in a subway .
a man in a library in a library .
a man in a library in a library .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a young girl playing on a swing .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a man is brushing his daughter 's hair .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a person is looking out of a window .
two young women are standing in front of a stage .
a dog in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is working on his vehicle .
a man and woman are walking down the street .
a bicyclist rides over a bridge .
two girls are sitting in a classroom .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sits on a bench with a woman behind him .
a woman holding a shopping cart .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
two girls talking to each other .
a woman holding a basket .
a man with a hat sitting on a wall .
three brown and white dogs are playing in a grassy field .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a truck is driving .
a woman holding something in her hand .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man working on a project .
a man in a park .
a man is working on a rail on a rail .
a man working on a machine .
a person working on a ladder .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man working on a train track .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a man working on a machine .
a woman in a tank top is looking at the camera .
an elderly woman holding a small baby .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people holding their dogs .
a group of dogs play in a field .
three dogs are standing in a field with their dogs .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people holding their dogs .
two dogs play in the snow .
people gathered around a table .
four dogs are running in a field .
four dogs are walking along the beach .
two dogs are walking in the park .
four dogs are on the grass .
a person is standing next to two dogs .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men riding bicycles .
a group of people in blue robes on bikes .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a child stands on a large rock .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are walking down the street .
a dog is standing next to a horse .
people walking down a street .
women on a sidewalk .
a man walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a woman .
a person driving a motorcycle .
a man running around a dirt track .
two couples are sitting on concrete steps .
two men are sitting on concrete steps .
a group of young adults are relaxing on the steps of a building .
four people sitting on steps .
a group of people are sitting around tables .
a group of people sitting on stairs .
two people are sitting in a yard .
a man doing tricks on his bike in a park .
a group of people walking .
a group of men playing instruments .
a woman is playing the violin .
a band is playing a musical instrument .
a group of men are performing .
a band is performing on stage .
here is a picture of an airplane .
two people are cooking .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog runs through the snow .
a white dog jumps through the grass .
a dog jumps over a fallen tree .
two dogs play in the grass .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man wearing glasses is working on a statue .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men racing on a track .
two men riding bikes in the street .
a group of people are riding on bikes .
a man standing in front of machinery .
a group of men riding bikes .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a man is standing at a market .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a little girl is sitting on a snowball .
a man digging in a garden .
a group of young men are standing outside .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a man is walking down the street .
a girl is running .
a street performer performs on stage .
a person wearing a black shirt is standing in the woods .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a little girl in a pink dress is running in a forest .
a girl in a pink shirt is running .
a rock climber climbs a rock wall .
a dog is standing next to a black dog .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a boy climbing a rock .
a dog jumping in the air .
two people are standing in the snow .
a man walking in front of a sign .
two people are standing in the snow .
people are standing in the snow .
a man is kneeling on the ground .
a skier is taking a ski .
two horses race .
greyhounds racing in a race .
two dogs running .
two dogs running .
a black dog is running around a corner .
two people are talking .
two older men are sitting outside talking .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man in a red sweater plays an instrument .
a crowd watching an event .
people watching an event .
people at an event .
a crowd of people at an event .
people sitting at a table .
a group of people are gathered at night .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a group of people are singing .
two women are walking down the street .
two young children are eating food .
a man holding a bottle of water .
a black and white dog is running through a field .
two dogs pulling a sled .
an old man is holding a piece of fruit .
two dogs pull a sled through the snow .
two dogs pulling a sled .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs in the woods .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a soccer player kicking the ball .
a group of people are looking at something .
two women looking at the camera .
two women are looking in a hallway .
two young women looking at a map .
two women are standing next to each other .
two young women looking at each other .
two young women pose for a picture .
a group of people looking at the camera .
people walking on the grass .
a worker wearing a cap and a baseball cap .
a man in a yellow shirt is doing construction work .
a man working on a building .
a man in a white shirt is holding a hammer .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man working on a construction project .
three people working in a laboratory .
a baby sleeping on a bed .
people are working on a roof .
a mother holds her child .
three people are fixing something .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a sink .
a woman standing in front of a bar .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a black dress stands next to a beach .
a woman holding a little girl .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a teenage boy skateboarding .
a guy skateboarding on a skateboard .
two boys are standing in front of trees .
a man wearing sunglasses is standing next to a building .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man rides a skateboard .
a group of people in a skate park .
a man rides a skateboard .
a young boy skating on the pavement .
a young man skating on a skateboard .
a man on a skateboard on a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding on a skateboard .
people are standing near a wall .
basketball players trying to block the ball .
two people looking at the ocean .
a man jumping off a ramp .
a scientist looking through a microscope .
a man working at a lab .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is working in a lab .
a man is looking at a microscope .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a microscope .
a bald man with glasses and glasses is looking through a microscope in a laboratory .
a father and son kissing .
the goalie is playing hockey .
a baby crying .
a woman carrying shopping bags .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a woman walking down the sidewalk carrying bags .
a woman with a black coat is walking with two bags .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman is standing on the beach .
a woman enjoying a drink .
two men are on a beach .
a woman drinking a beverage .
a man is holding a little boy .
a woman is drinking a hotdog .
a man drinking a drink .
a group of people are having drinks .
people enjoying the beach .
a boy on a football field .
a child in a park .
a boy on a soccer field .
a child in a white shirt is cheering .
a car parked on the street .
a baby is playing with a toy .
two men are talking to a homeless man .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people standing together .
a man is playing with his son .
a woman playing volleyball .
a volleyball player hitting the ball .
a group of people are gathered together .
a boy is trying to pull a cow .
a group of people eating in a kitchen .
a family is having fun .
a group of people having fun .
people in a kitchen .
family having fun .
a group of people are watching a large bubble .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two men looking at something .
a person walking past a white building .
a baby is laughing .
a woman walks in front of a white building with trees in the background .
a large bubble in the water .
two men in front of a group of people .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is playing the accordion .
a boy in goggles smiles .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a girl in a white sweater smiles .
a little girl smiles .
a child wearing a life vest and goggles .
a little girl is riding a bike .
a man is making a funny face .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his hands .
a man in a white shirt is performing in front of a group of people .
a man riding a bicycle down a road .
a man riding a bike .
a woman is reading a book .
a man rides a bike .
a man riding a bike .
four men are hanging out of a building .
people are sitting on a bench .
people walking down a street .
two men are walking down the street .
asian asians eating food .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog chases a dog in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man on a bicycle .
a person riding a bike .
a dog runs through the grass .
a family walks next to a wall .
a person washing dishes with gloves .
people swimming in a pool .
a man sits next to water .
an elderly woman is getting her teeth done .
a girl is standing next to a teacher .
a man is using a broom .
several people are working on a project .
a child working on an art project .
two people playing a game .
two people are looking at something .
a woman is preparing food .
a man in a blue shirt is playing basketball .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
an older man in an apron is cooking something .
a woman taking a picture of two women .
a woman and a woman are looking through a telescope .
a young boy is eating at a table .
a woman in a costume .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a ballerina performing a dance .
a woman dancing on a stage .
kids playing soccer .
a dancer is performing a dance routine .
a man in a white shirt is walking down a street .
a group of children are riding a bike .
a woman is looking at a piece of paper .
a young boy plays with a toy .
a boy is playing a game of war .
a boy is kicking a red soccer ball .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a young boy running in a field .
a group of people kayaking down a river .
a group of people on a boat .
people are riding a boat through the water .
tourists taking a break .
a man in a bathing suit poses for a picture .
people on a boat .
two people in a field .
two men are working at a construction site .
two men are wrestling .
a man jumping in the air .
two men are smiling .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman holding a broom .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a boy playing in a puddle .
a boy is holding something .
a man is cleaning a tree .
a man is giving a speech .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a puppet .
a man in a blue shirt and tie is singing into a microphone .
a woman talking on the phone .
a man in a hard hat is welding a building .
a girl in a red shirt is holding a tennis racket .
a baseball player attempts to block the ball .
a group of people eating dinner .
a group of children playing chess .
two girls in bikinis are playing a game of chess .
people having drinks .
a group of women are dancing .
people are eating food .
a bearded man is sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people are dressed in colorful costumes .
a group of people are performing .
a group of people wearing colorful masks .
a group of children are watching a group of children .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
two children on a jungle gym .
a little girl is wearing a pink jacket .
a group of people working outside .
construction workers are working on a train .
a group of people working together .
people shopping at a market .
workers working on railroad tracks .
a woman in a black jacket looks at the camera .
a woman in a leather jacket looks at vegetables .
a woman looking at vegetables .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at vegetables .
a woman wearing a black jacket .
a person on a motorcycle in the snow .
a man and woman are sitting on a bridge .
a hiker in the mountains .
a man in a desert .
a man walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
two women taking a picture .
two women are looking at the camera .
two people are shopping at a table .
two women are shopping .
two women are shopping .
two women are talking to each other .
a football field with a football in the background .
two horses are running in a field .
two horses in a field .
two horses play in the grass .
two men playing tug of war .
two horses are riding horses .
people walking down the street .
cheerleaders walk down the street .
a group of cheerleaders .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a group of people walking down the street .
a person riding a motorcycle across the desert .
a man walking across a desert road .
a motorcycle rider wearing a helmet is riding a motorbike .
a person wearing a helmet and a helmet .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a woman and a child are playing on a seesaw .
a woman is smiling .
two men preparing food .
a man playing guitar in front of a car .
construction workers working on scaffolding .
students working in a laboratory .
a group of people sitting in chairs .
a group of men are sitting on a construction project .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting at a construction site .
a man is standing in front of a man playing a guitar .
four people are playing a guitar on a dock .
four men and a man are playing a guitar .
four men at a dock .
four people are standing near a dock .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
two lab lab workers working together .
men walking down the sidewalk .
people walking in the street .
two women walking down the street .
an artist painting a picture .
two men are dancing outdoors .
a man in a blue shirt is eating .
a teacher is eating out of games .
a man and woman dancing .
a man and woman dancing and dancing .
a dog playing frisbee .
a man is eating .
a man in a blue shirt working at a desk .
a woman and a woman are smiling at a counter .
a group of people are standing together .
two soldiers dressed in black and white .
a woman is standing next to a group of people .
a group of people in a restaurant .
group of soldiers stand in line .
people sitting in a restaurant .
soldiers standing in a building .
two men standing in front of a building .
a woman dressed in black and black dances with her hands in her hands .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a costume .
a person is holding a piece of paper .
a woman dressed in a black and white costume is dancing .
a woman in a blue dress is celebrating .
a woman holding a child .
people posing with their bikes .
a band performs in front of an audience .
three people are sitting at a table .
two men in front of a crowd .
a group of men are standing in front of a crowd .
two men are in front of a group of people .
two men standing in front of a crowd .
a group of men in white shirts .
a person poses for a picture .
a man speaks into a microphone at a microphone .
a man in a robe is reading a book .
a man in a robe is reading a book .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
people are talking to a crowd .
three men are talking to a large group of people .
a group of people are gathered together .
three men are speaking to a crowd .
three men are talking to each other .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a man in a safety vest is welding his welding with his motorcycle .
a woman stands in front of a crowd .
a woman is bowling in a kitchen in a kitchen .
people sitting in a carnival ride .
a group of people on a roller coaster .
people ride on a carnival ride .
a group of people riding their bikes .
tourists are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting on a couch .
a family is having fun .
three children are playing with an older man .
men in safety safety vests work .
two men are helping each other .
two men working with equipment .
two men working on a project .
two men in hard hats are working .
people playing a board game .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people are working on fire .
a little girl is holding a toy .
a group of people are gathered together .
a young girl is making a craft .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a man is cutting meat .
a man is looking at something in a glass .
a man working in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is using a painting .
a young girl in a blue shirt is painting .
a man in a colorful outfit is dancing in an auditorium .
a crowd gathers at a theater .
two men practicing martial arts .
three people are having a conversation .
a band is playing for a show .
a family is playing with a baby .
a boy is petting a dog .
a child holding a child .
a child is holding a baby in her mouth .
two girls helping a clean house .
a child is petting an animal .
a child is playing with a toy .
a man is petting a dog .
a little boy is petting a dog .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man diving into a pool .
two men playing drums .
young boys playing football .
two puppies hold hands .
three people are standing around .
a woman is listening to music .
a girl stands in front of a band .
a band plays with an audience .
a woman in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
cheerleaders are performing a routine .
two men talking to each other .
three girls are sitting in a circle .
two men are walking down the street .
a man playing a trumpet .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a man wearing a cap is holding up a sign .
a street artist paints the street .
a man painting a picture .
a man is drawing a picture of a woman .
a man is looking at a large animal .
three people are standing outside .
a group of men standing outside .
two men are having a conversation .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt .
a homeless man with a beard .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a man in a white and white uniform is shooting a basketball while a man in white watches .
a basketball player trying to make a shot .
two men are playing basketball .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a child on a tricycle .
a man riding a dirt bike .
two women digging in the snow .
two girls are playing outside .
two women walking down the street .
a woman is digging a hole outside .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a group of people digging dirt .
a boy is sitting on a toy .
a child rides a horse .
a child sits on a toy horse .
a boy is sitting in a chair .
a boy rides a horse in the street .
a group of monks are walking down the street .
four men walking down the sidewalk .
two men walking down the street .
four men walking down the street .
four men walking down a street .
a person sitting at a restaurant .
a woman swims underwater .
a boy is smiling at the camera in the background .
a boy stands in front of a go cart .
a boy in a blue shirt is laughing .
a boy in a blue shirt rides a bike .
a boy is looking at the camera .
a child waits at a go kart track .
a boy is waiting to cross the street .
a boy is waiting for a ride .
a boy is taking a picture .
a little boy wearing a red shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in the mud .
a young boy in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard down the street .
a child is standing in front of a go kart .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a boy pushing a cart full of leaves .
people are walking by a dirt road .
people walking through the woods .
there is a shopping cart in a foreign country .
a dirt road in a village .
a little girl blowing bubbles .
two men are cutting wood .
a surfer catches a wave .
two people on the side of the road .
a man in a black wetsuit is surfing .
a group of people are cleaning up the stairs .
a person surfing a wave .
people walking down the street .
a lady is looking at something .
a group of people are praying .
a man and a woman are smiling .
three men are standing together .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are singing .
a man in a black shirt is leaning against a man in a red shirt .
a group of people on skateboards .
people are playing instruments .
people gathered around a table .
a crowd of people are gathered around .
two children having fun .
two boys are playing tug of war .
two boys are playing tug of war .
people playing soccer .
two children are smiling .
a worker is painting a building .
a group of children playing tug of war .
a group of people taking pictures .
two people are eating dinner .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
a woman looking at a bike .
a group of swimmers in blue bathing suits .
a little boy is spinning on a piece of paper .
an older couple enjoy dinner .
an elderly man is sitting next to an elderly man who has a plate of food .
an older couple celebrating an event .
a woman hugging another woman on the cheek .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man drinking from a cup .
a cup is sitting on a blanket .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a cup is sitting on a blanket .
a man sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is running .
a woman holding a club .
a group of people walking near a fence .
three construction workers are standing outside .
three men are playing tug of war .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl in a swing .
a woman playing golf on a sunny day .
a man sitting on a tree .
a man climbs a tree .
a man sitting on a tree .
a man is laying on a tree trunk .
a man is working on a truck .
people are rowing a boat .
a group of people are kayaking .
a large group of men kayaking .
three people are kayaking in rapids .
three women competing in a competition .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man is swimming .
a child swimming underwater .
a person is jumping into water .
a man is jumping in the water .
a gymnast performs a trick .
a man and a woman are playing in the snow .
an old man pushing a cart full of bags .
a group of girls posing for a picture .
four girls pose for a picture with their arms .
a group of girls in front of a camera .
a group of runners are running in a race with many flags in the background .
four runners are on a course .
runners running in a race .
a group of runners are racing on a course .
three runners competing in a race .
a woman is being held by a woman in the air .
four runners running .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of men are doing martial arts .
a dog runs through a field .
two people are sitting next to a road .
four boys in a gym .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man holding a microphone .
a man wearing a hat .
a dog in a field .
a group of children playing outside .
two children are running through a group of pigeons .
a man is standing on rocks .
a group of adults are sitting on a bench .
this is a picture of a room .
construction workers working on scaffolding .
a group of children are sitting on a laptop .
a man is looking out the window of the road .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking through a parking lot .
a man carries a bag .
a man is bending down in a garbage bag .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a pink dress is standing in a crowd .
a woman in a black shirt is cooking .
a group of people are eating food .
a woman selling food in a park .
a woman selling produce .
a man is balancing on his head .
an elderly man is eating a sandwich .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person is eating ice cream .
a man in a black jacket is eating ice cream .
a man is walking down the street .
people are standing near a flag .
two boys playing a video game .
a boy doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a toddler is riding a toy .
a man wearing a hat is sitting on the lawn with his eyes closed .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man is sitting on the grass with his legs crossed , and his legs crossed .
a man is looking at the camera .
a man sitting in the grass .
a man sitting on the grass .
a man wearing a blue shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench with his eyes closed with his eyes closed .
a young girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man in a hard hat is working .
a child in a blue life vest rides a boat .
two men are working on a project .
men playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are dancing .
people are working at a construction site .
a woman and a child are standing by a firetruck .
a mother and her daughter are sitting at a table .
children look out at the street .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
children are standing on a truck .
a group of children are working on a bicycle .
children learning how to class .
a group of children are teaching a class .
a man is standing outside a building .
a man is standing next to a building .
an asian woman is sitting in a chair .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is looking at something .
a little girl is sitting next to something .
a young woman is sitting next to her luggage .
a lady is performing a dance .
a man sweeping the street .
a woman smiling .
a girl looking at the camera .
a man in a vest is sweeping a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two men are standing on a cart .
a man is pushing a cart full of trash .
a group of people standing on top of a snowy hill on top of a snowy hill .
a man sweeping the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking through the snow .
a motorcyclist is racing around a track .
a man in a yellow shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of men are participating in a parade .
an older man is standing behind him .
a man playing a keyboard .
a person is standing in the ocean .
a man in a green shirt plays a keyboard .
a band performs on stage .
people dancing outdoors .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man walking his dog .
passengers on a bus .
a man riding a motorcycle .
people on a train .
a woman is applying mascara .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting and sitting on a bench , and one is wearing a white shirt and white pants .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting in a circle .
two elderly people are sitting on a bench .
an elderly man sits on a train .
people are sitting on a train .
an older man and a woman are sitting on a train .
two people sitting on a train .
a child is playing with a young boy .
a group of people playing golf .
a boy holding a golf club .
a man standing next to a car .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog carries a toy .
a car drives down the street .
a man working on a machine .
an asian man is standing on the street .
a man reading a newspaper while sitting next to a table .
a group of people are talking .
people standing around a building .
a group of people are gathered together .
people walking .
two people are standing on a sidewalk .
a woman in a black dress stands next to a wooden fence .
a woman is jumping on the grass with a rope in the background .
a woman in a black dress is jumping in the grass .
a woman jumping in the air .
a young girl standing outside .
a little girl in a field of flowers .
a crowd watching a performance .
a man in a yellow shirt is juggling fire .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are performing .
two dogs running in the grass .
two women are sitting under a large stone sign .
a group of men holding hands .
several men are looking at cloth .
a group of people are looking at something .
a girl slides down a snowbank .
a girl in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a girl is jumping in the snow .
people are gathered in a room .
two dogs are running in a race .
people are walking down the street .
people walking through an outdoor market .
a soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
a soccer player prepares to kick a soccer ball .
a skateboarder in a park .
a man playing soccer .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
two people standing next to a chalkboard .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
people performing on stage .
a couple kissing .
a woman is getting ready to take a picture .
a woman and a man are laughing .
a man and woman are smiling .
a woman is leaning against a fence .
a woman leans over a fence .
a woman in a pink tank top rides a horse .
a group of children are kicking a soccer ball .
a man looking at a bus .
people are climbing a mountain .
a man smiling .
a pilot is smiling .
a child kicking a soccer ball .
a pilot is looking at a door .
two workers in orange vests and hard hats are shoveling snow .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a boy is watching a young boy .
two women are planting plants .
a woman working on a loom .
two men fighting .
two men on rollerskater .
two men are fighting .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men in a martial arts competition .
two men are talking .
two people in a field .
two climbers jump over a snowy mountain .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is playing a video game .
a woman wearing sunglasses is looking at a map .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man standing next to a machine .
a man in a bar .
a man is standing in front of a table with a sign .
a man in a bar .
a man is standing next to a table .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man rowing a boat .
a boat in the water .
a man sits in a canoe on a lake .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue life vest is paddling a boat through a lake .
a man sits in a canoe on a lake .
a man is sitting in a canoe .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
people crossing the street .
a person in a costume .
a man stands in a pond .
two teams are playing soccer .
people walking down a street .
a group of five people are standing outside .
five people walking down the street .
four people walking down a street .
people walking down a street .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man jumping in the air .
a man diving into the ocean .
a man jumping into the water .
a man stands at an airport .
two people on the side of a building .
two people are on a rooftop .
people are going down a building .
two people are jumping in the air .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a busy street .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a woman stands in front of mountains .
a woman is wearing a backpack .
two people dancing .
people dancing .
a crowd watching an audience .
two people are standing outside .
two people hugging outside .
an elderly woman is waiting in line .
an elderly man with a beard is standing in front of a man with a beard and a man with a mustache and a man in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt are looking through the newspaper .
an elderly man is standing in front of a piano .
people waiting in line in line .
an elderly woman waits in line .
an elderly woman is waiting for customers .
a woman is standing in a store .
an elderly woman standing in front of a crowd .
an elderly woman looking at something .
people waiting in line in line .
three people waiting in line .
people shopping at a store .
three people are standing in line .
girl hula hoops with hula hoops .
a child playing with a ball .
a girl is kicking a pink ball .
a child playing with a ball .
a man and a woman sitting on a horse .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a horse .
two women are smiling .
two people are working at work .
a girl playing soccer .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white dress .
a woman walking down the street .
a young woman walking down a city street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking on a city street .
people walking down the street .
two men in red uniforms are playing a board game .
two young men play tug of war .
people playing monopoly .
people playing monopoly .
a group of people standing on the beach .
a man taking a picture .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down a street .
a crowd of people watching a parade .
a group of protesters are protesting .
a group of protesters are walking across a busy street in a crowded street .
a group of people taking pictures .
two men are pushing a boat .
a man and woman work on the camera .
two people are posing for a picture .
two men fishing into a body of water .
a group of men taking a photograph .
a police officer looking at a crowd .
two men go out of the water .
two people walking down the street .
a man walking through a city .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a black suit is in a city .
two men are talking to each other .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a couple is taking a picture .
a person with headphones on .
a man is standing next to a building .
a woman wearing headphones .
a woman standing next to a building .
a woman standing outside .
a woman wearing a jacket .
a woman standing in front of a building .
a woman is listening to music .
a man is playing a guitar .
two women wearing skirts .
a woman is listening to music .
a man is standing on top of equipment .
people looking at an exhibit .
two men are working on a fire .
a group of people are at a convention .
a man and a woman are using a machine .
a girl poses on a tree trunk .
a girl wearing a red shirt and black pants poses on a tree trunk .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl stands next to a tree .
a girl wearing a red shirt and black pants is standing outside .
a man in a red robe is juggling balls .
a man is playing with a ball .
a man with a beard and a beard .
a bearded man with a beard , wearing a hat , and a hat , is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man is juggling a guitar .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a woman in black poses on a tree .
a man in a hat is standing next to a painting .
a man sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps into the water .
a man performing a trick .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man in a tank top is talking into a microphone .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
two men are sitting at a construction site .
a boy jumps into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
the brown dog is rolling on the ground .
two construction workers working next to a pole .
a man playing baseball .
a person is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a black shirt is holding his head up .
three people are working on a project .
construction workers are working on a project .
a man diving into a swimming pool .
two construction workers are fixing a telephone pole .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a woman in a white tank top is walking in a building .
people are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
two women walking down the street .
a man and a woman are outside .
two people are posing for a picture .
a man in a red shirt is standing on the street .
people sitting on a bench .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man taking pictures .
a man playing the violin .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a dog is standing next to a dog .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are working together .
two girls at a fair .
a couple taking a picture .
people playing in water .
a woman is walking towards a microphone .
a dog swims in the water .
a teacher is giving a lecture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man swinging on a balance swing .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a white hat and a white t shirt is sitting on a bench with a green shirt on .
a man is walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a woman wearing a red and red dress .
a woman is riding a horse .
a woman riding a horse on a dirt road .
a person riding a horse .
a person riding a horse .
a child jumping in the air .
soldiers standing in front of a mcdonald 's restaurant .
a man is playing tennis .
a person walking down the street .
a person holding a camera .
a young boy is sitting on a rock .
three people are riding bikes .
a boy is hanging from a pole .
a band playing the drums .
three young people are sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing with a hammer .
a small child plays with a keyboard .
a toddler is drawing on a wall .
a toddler is playing with a piece of paper .
a person swimming in a pool .
a child is holding a piece of paper .
a young boy is walking down a street .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people in front of a wall .
a man and a woman playing music .
a man is playing an acoustic guitar .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man and woman are walking down a street .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two girls in blue shirts are standing in front of a crowd .
two girls drawing a board .
two girls laughing .
two girls are cheering .
a man is working on a roof .
a man in a white shirt is playing the guitar .
a man in a yellow shirt works on a roof .
three construction workers working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
three women are playing bagpipes .
two people wearing life jackets .
a small child is smiling .
a man running on a track .
a man doing a handstand .
a person is racing .
a man is running on a track .
a crowd of people at an event .
a man in a green shirt is running .
a group of children sitting in a room .
three girls are sitting on the floor .
two women laughing .
a black and white dog is training .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a young woman taking a drink from a drink .
a woman drinking from a bottle of water .
a woman having a drink .
a woman drinking water .
a woman drinking water .
a woman holding a bottle of water .
two people are in the water .
two girls are standing on the ground .
two men are playing in the water .
people are standing in the water .
people are swimming .
people standing outside .
a football player tries to tackle a football .
a man drinking water .
a football player throws a football .
football players playing football .
a football player throwing a ball .
a man is taking a break .
two soccer players trying to catch the ball while other players look on .
a man taking a drink from the water .
a woman is holding a beer .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a person is taking a break .
a woman holding a glass of beer .
two people are looking at something .
a man walking down the street .
a man is looking up at a path .
a man walking up a rock .
a hiker stands in front of a mountain .
a woman in a market .
a group of people taking a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are standing in front of a machine .
two women talking to each other .
a person taking a picture .
a surfer rides a wave .
a skier is skiing .
two men are preparing food in a small kitchen .
a group of people are standing around a police van .
three men are standing outside .
three men and a man are sitting on a curb next to a police van .
three men are walking down the street .
a police officer on the street .
a child holding an object .
a girl is holding onto a pole .
people shopping at a market .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a group of people playing in the water .
a man climbing a cliff .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person climbing a rock .
a man climbing a rock .
kids playing in the grass .
a couple playing chess .
a boy on a bike .
a boy is standing next to a bicycle .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of people pose for a picture .
a group of students are practicing martial arts .
a woman is in a kitchen .
a man and a woman drinking wine .
a man playing the violin .
a man playing an accordion .
five boys playing soccer .
people are smiling .
five children are playing soccer .
two boys playing basketball .
a group of people are preparing food .
a man and a woman are eating food at a table .
a man and woman are eating at a table .
a man and a woman are eating food .
two people eating food .
a man and woman are eating .
people preparing food .
a group of people are preparing food .
two artists working on a project .
people wearing hats .
a child is working on display .
two men painting a wall .
three dogs running through a field .
two dogs running in the grass .
a group of men playing basketball .
two dogs racing in a race .
two construction workers in orange vests are working on the road .
a group of children are playing a game .
kids playing a game .
a group of children are playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
a group of kids playing basketball .
two men are walking down the street .
construction workers are working outside .
a group of men are working on railroad tracks .
two men in reflective vests are shoveling snow .
two men working at a construction site .
a group of workers are standing next to each other .
construction workers wearing safety safety vests .
men working on a project .
construction workers wearing safety vests .
construction workers walking down the street .
a man is making a mop on a floor .
a group of people are dancing .
a young woman sweeping a sidewalk .
a woman cleaning something .
people enjoying the beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a man in a black jacket is walking down a street .
people on a beach .
people are walking on the beach .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a little girl standing near a fence .
a woman is kneeling on a ledge in front of a fence with a bucket in the background .
a little girl is playing outside .
a woman with long hair .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are performing a concert .
women singing at a crosswalk .
a boy is sitting on a chair .
a lady walking down the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
two women playing volleyball on a beach .
a couple dancing .
a woman wearing a bikini and a bikini .
two girls are playing volleyball .
an elderly woman is making a pizza .
a woman looking at a shopping cart .
people walking down the street .
a group of people walking on the sidewalk .
the street is parked on the street .
a woman is looking through a window .
the cars are parked on the street .
police officers on a city street .
a crowd of police officers are standing outside .
police officers standing in a crowd .
a group of police officers at night .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a child on a train .
a man helping a child on a train .
two people are working on a train .
a man is helping a child .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
people are riding on a train .
a father and his son are helping a child on a train ride on a train while a man in the background watches .
a man is walking with a child .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sweeping a train .
a young boy rides a train .
a man standing next to a train .
a group of people are watching a train .
a woman holds a baby in her arms .
a family enjoying the train .
a mother and her mother are sitting on a blanket .
a woman holding a child .
a person with a backpack stands in a crowd .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people standing together .
a group of people sitting in a circle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a group of people are protesting .
construction workers working at a construction site .
a man is looking off .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a woman with glasses and glasses is sitting in a building .
a woman is sitting in front of a building .
a woman sitting outside a building .
a crane flies through the air .
a man at a rodeo .
a man riding a horse .
two men riding a bull .
a bull catches a bull .
a rodeo rider tries to lasso a bull .
a group of people sitting at a desk .
children playing in the grass .
a child is playing on the street .
a child is playing on a playground .
two children are playing in the snow .
a band is performing on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band plays in a room .
a band playing drums and drums .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a man cleaning a kitchen .
a brown and white dog is running .
a boy is walking down the street .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a young woman playing tennis .
a tennis player is hitting a tennis ball .
a dog with a sheep in its mouth .
people in new york city .
a group of men standing together .
a group of men in a street .
a group of asian people are standing in front of a banner that says " information ".
a man on a horse pulling a horse .
a group of children playing instruments .
a group of people in a race .
a group of people are gathered around a sculpture .
a woman walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding .
a boy skateboarding .
a man rides a skateboard .
a guy skateboarding on a ramp .
a group of people running in the snow .
people at night at night .
people running in a marathon .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
three men are standing outside .
a woman picking up a tree .
two men working on a project .
a little girl helps a young girl how to swim .
a man is walking down a street .
two women are performing in front of an audience .
a child playing in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a group of women are standing on a stage .
a group of people dancing .
a group of cheerleaders are performing .
a group of cheerleaders are dancing .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
people are performing .
a man is putting on a shoe .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a group of people are dancing .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
people are preparing food in a restaurant .
a man is selling food from a van .
a man working on a machine .
a dog jumps over a wooded area .
a child is holding a small child .
a woman hugging a child .
a child is drawing a child .
an older woman and a young boy are outside .
a child is swimming .
a large crowd of people are gathered around .
a young girl in a bathing suit swims in a swimming pool .
a young girl in a swimming pool .
a girl in a bathing suit is jumping into a waterfall .
a girl floating on the water .
a girl in a bikini is swimming .
a girl in a swimming pool .
teenagers are in a classroom .
two boys in uniforms playing soccer .
two boys play soccer on a soccer field .
a group of people at a party .
a child wearing a hat .
a boy is standing in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy in a wetsuit on a crowded beach .
a boy on a beach .
a boy in a blue shirt is running on the beach .
a boy in swim trunks on the beach .
a boy is standing in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man playing golf .
a baby is reaching out of the water .
children painting a wall .
a man sitting at a desk looking at a computer screen .
construction workers are working on a project .
two construction workers are working on their computers .
two construction workers are hard at work .
two people working in a kitchen .
a group of people are working on a project .
a child plays with water .
a man at a computer .
a group of people working together .
two men are painting the street on the ground .
two men painting the road .
two men painting a wall .
two men are painting in a busy street .
two men painting a curb .
two men are painting a curb .
two men working on a project .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered together .
people walking down the street .
a group of people walking .
people walking on the beach .
two girls run towards each other .
people walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a sign .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
two girls are playing tug of war .
a man is in a factory .
an older man working on a project .
people riding on a train .
a group of people on a bus .
a group of people are gathered around a train .
young girls playing outside .
a group of people are holding hands .
a woman in a red dress dances .
a woman practicing martial arts .
a group of people are performing .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
teenagers playing with sand .
a man sitting in a chair .
a child working on a machine .
a young child is cutting wood .
a man is using a hammer .
a child is hanging upside down .
people shopping for fruit .
a group of people holding flags .
a sign in a parking lot .
people are standing on the street holding flags .
a girl sits on a man 's lap .
children playing in the water .
a woman wearing a denim skirt and jean shorts is kneeling down .
a girl sitting on a man 's lap .
a group of children playing outside .
three children are looking into the water .
a boy is bowling .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a group of teenagers sitting at a window .
teenagers are sitting in a bus .
a group of teenagers looking out the window .
a group of children are sitting on a bus .
teenagers are sitting on a bus .
a woman holding her hands in her hands .
a group of young girls are sitting on a bus looking through the window of the camera .
a group of children are cooking at a park .
a female gymnast performs a jump .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man and woman are fixing a bicycle tire .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a man is working on a bicycle .
a man and a woman work on a bicycle tire .
a girl is pouring a bottle of water .
a dog is standing in front of a table .
people enjoying a picnic .
a woman preparing food on a grill .
a young woman in a t shirt cooks meat .
a young woman in a blue t shirt is cooking meat on a grill .
a young woman grills meat on a grill .
a girl is pouring a drink .
a girl is pouring something into a bottle of water .
a girl holding a bottle of water .
a boy playing in a pool .
a woman wearing a helmet .
a bartender is looking at a large glass of wine .
a child is playing soccer .
people preparing food .
a group of people waiting for food .
people waiting at a restaurant .
a group of people are eating a meal .
a woman working at a bar .
a man is playing a guitar .
people are sitting at a table .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a group of men are playing soccer .
a group of men are standing in a field .
a group of people playing basketball .
a person climbing a mountain .
a person climbing a rock .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man in a blue shirt climbing a mountain .
a person walking down the street .
a brown and white dog runs through the grass .
a woman is pouring a drink .
a woman is playing with a boy .
people walking down a street .
a young girl is swinging a young boy in a pink shirt .
a young woman swings a young boy .
a little girl swings on a swing .
a group of people playing frisbee .
a dog on the beach .
a man in a black suit is singing into a microphone .
a boy is in a car .
a young boy in a wetsuit plays in the ocean .
a boy in the ocean .
a boy in swim trunks runs into the ocean .
a boy in the ocean .
a young boy runs into the ocean at the ocean .
a little boy walking on the beach .
a boy on a beach .
a little boy walking along the beach .
a boy walking on a beach .
a boy walking down the street .
a boy runs through the grass .
a woman is pouring a drink into a bottle of water .
a child stands in the water .
a man sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps over a grassy field .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a yellow shirt is doing a trick on a street corner .
a dog runs through the grass .
a worker working on a road .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
people walking on the street .
people sitting around tables .
two children playing in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
two boys hugging each other .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing on a white surfboard .
two children hugging each other .
people running in a marathon .
workers are working in a field .
runners race in a race .
a group of people running in a marathon .
a group of people are gathered together .
three people are looking at something .
two dogs jumping in the air .
two dogs are jumping .
a man working on a machine .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a little girl wearing a pink scarf .
a man in a blue shirt is surfing a board .
two dogs playing together .
a man in a black coat is walking .
a group of people are smiling .
a boy and girl are on the grass .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
two men are looking at a tree .
a man with two dogs .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing around .
a man with a beard and a nose ring .
a person is getting ready to start a race .
a woman is standing next to two children .
a girl and a girl in a dress .
a woman with two children .
a woman in a dress .
a woman holding a child .
a crowd of people riding bikes in front of a fence .
a man is talking to a man in a blue shirt .
two men are talking to each other .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
two men are hugging each other .
a group of people are sitting on a road .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing outside .
two men in orange vests are walking down the street .
two men in orange vests are picking up a large object .
a bike rider doing a jump .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is walking down a busy street .
a woman is sitting on a rocky hill .
a person in a wetsuit is surfing on a wave .
a man eats a snack .
a young blond girl rides a skateboard .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a girl sits on a rock .
a girl in a black jacket and jeans is sitting on a wall with her hands in the background .
a girl is sitting in a park .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a girl is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a woman flies through the air .
a group of people are sitting around a tree .
people sitting on a couch .
a group of people are standing together .
three people are sitting in a room .
a man and a woman are sitting under a tree .
four people are sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
four dogs racing .
a brown and white dog is pulling a stuffed animal .
a woman with makeup on her face .
a black and white dog is pulling a sled in the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
two dogs play in the water .
a man performs a trick on his bike .
a young boy opening candy .
a man is looking at a child with a plastic bag .
a young boy is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a man is standing on the side of an airplane .
a young girl playing in the snow .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men are looking at a tree .
workers are working on a plane .
a black dog with a ball in its mouth .
a black and white dog runs through water .
a man poses for a picture .
a man playing a game .
an image of an image of an image .
a man playing an arcade game .
a man playing a carnival game .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people dancing in a circle .
a man in a black outfit is playing a guitar .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a group of women dancing in a circle .
a woman is standing in front of a camera .
two men are performing .
a man is climbing a rock wall .
a man carrying a bag .
a skateboarder jumps over a rail .
a boy is using a piece of metal .
a young boy is using a hammer .
a boy is using a hammer .
a boy is working with a hammer .
a man in a black shirt juggling .
a man playing golf .
a man playing golf .
a man playing golf .
a man swings at a golf ball .
a man playing golf .
three hikers walking down the street .
two people are standing outside .
a man standing at a bar .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is cooking bread .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men cleaning up a hose .
a bald man in a blue shirt standing next to a building .
a man is standing by an empty street corner .
a man wearing a mask and a mask .
a woman in a blue shirt talks to a man in a blue shirt at a podium .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a red coat and a woman in a red coat are singing .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
a woman wearing a red coat .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a gun .
a man wearing a mask .
a man in a blue hat is standing in front of a castle .
a man in a costume is performing a concert .
a man with a beard and glasses .
a man in a white shirt is waving in front of a crowd .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of people are looking at balloons .
a woman wearing a red and white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a young man walking down the street .
a man on a canoe .
a man riding a bike .
a woman wearing a black scarf is holding a long scarf in her mouth .
a woman is taking a photo of something .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a man in a boat .
a vehicle drives through the woods .
a bulldozer in the forest .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a green shirt is riding a dirt road .
a white car is flying over a fallen tree .
a man with glasses is sitting at a table .
an older man is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl is eating .
a man giving a speech .
a man wearing a suit .
a woman is fixing her shoe .
a woman is helping a young child .
a woman is helping a child how to clean ice .
two players playing soccer .
a worker working on a roof .
a group of people are working outside .
a group of people playing a game .
two hockey players are fighting .
an ice hockey game is being played .
people are shopping in a market .
a man is playing basketball .
a man is sitting on a bench on a sunny day .
a group of football players playing football .
football players in blue uniforms run down a field .
a group of football players are celebrating .
children sitting around a table .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
two toddlers playing with toys .
two babies are playing with a toy .
a group of men wearing football uniforms .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a brown and brown dog is jumping over a large rock .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a kid is sitting on a skateboard .
a man is sitting on a stool .
a young child sits on a skateboard in the street .
a white building with graffiti on it .
an asian man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeps on a bench .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a homeless man is sleeping in the street .
a woman sings and sings into a microphone .
two people are walking down the street .
people standing in front of a building .
a mural of a building with graffiti on it .
people hanging out in front of a building .
two people stand outside .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a woman in a dress is dancing .
two young women with two small children with two small children .
a group of children are having fun .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting at a picnic table .
a group of people holding hands .
a little boy in a red shirt is bending down on top of a white cloth in a circle on top of a white piece of paper .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a woman wearing a white shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man is looking at a fire .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a hot fire .
a group of people are looking at a fire .
a group of people are gathered around a woman .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt .
a woman in a red shirt and a woman in a red shirt are sitting next to a bicycle .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man and woman are looking at something .
a group of children are playing in the woods .
two children are in the woods .
two children are standing near trees .
two children in a forest .
two children walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are having fun .
a man and a woman in a studio .
a group of people talking outside .
two men in white shirts talk outside .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white long sleeve shirt is sitting on the ground .
a man is hanging upside down .
a man laying on the ground next to a building .
a group of men are working on a tree .
police officers standing outside .
a surfer rides a wave .
a family is sitting at a picnic table .
a girl riding a horse .
a little girl playing with a toy .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is standing at a table .
a person is picking up a tent .
a man is taking a picture of a picture .
a man is putting up a tent .
a man is holding a microphone .
two people playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt plays a keyboard .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man playing a keyboard .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing keyboard in a band .
a young girl dancing .
a little girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a girl is playing on a playground .
people walking down the street .
a man is looking at something .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man reading a newspaper on a subway .
a woman reading a book .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man reading a newspaper on a bus .
a man on a subway .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a man is watching a street performer .
a little girl playing with toys .
a man and a boy perform on the street .
a man standing next to a man standing next to him .
a man in a green shirt smiles at the camera .
a football player is running towards a football player .
a man smoking a cigarette and smoking a cigarette .
workers working in a field .
a woman dancing .
a football player runs with a ball .
a person on a flight of stairs .
a girl with a ponytail and a skirt .
people walking down the street .
a man waves .
a child is pushing a scooter .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
people are eating food .
two people are wearing backpacks .
people walking down the street .
a cricket player is playing cricket .
two men are playing basketball .
two young girls are walking down the street .
a child playing in an inflatable gym .
three men are playing a game in a park .
people walking down the street .
a man is working on the side of a building .
a man is standing outside a building .
a man on a city street .
a man washing windows in a city .
a man wearing a black jacket .
a man is cleaning windows in the air .
a man is cleaning a window .
a man washing windows .
a man is playing an instrument .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a man riding a bike .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
people are selling food .
people sitting in the grass .
people are sitting by a large red building .
a woman is walking down a sidewalk carrying a bag .
two people walking in the snow .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a man is jumping into the ocean .
a man riding a bike .
a singer performs a song .
a group of workers are standing in front of a store .
a man is surfing on a surfboard .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people in a room .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a chair .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a cyclist is racing .
a person is racing on a road .
a man playing a guitar .
four people are sitting at a table .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a guitar is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing around .
a large group of people in a large room .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two wrestlers in a boxing match .
two men boxing each other .
two men fighting in a ring .
two boxers fighting .
a group of men standing outside a building .
a security officer in a military uniform stands next to a fence .
a military guard stands in front of a group of people standing in front of him .
a man in a uniform stands in front of a crowd .
a security guard working on a beam .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man stands behind a fence .
a man working at work .
two people fighting each other .
the ice skater is in the air .
a female ice skater skater on ice skates .
a person wearing a helmet is doing a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of children are jumping on a trampoline .
three children are playing tug of hay on hay .
children playing in the hay .
three children are jumping .
three children jump on hay .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a young boy in a green shirt is playing on the beach .
a boy jumps off a hay bale .
a boy is jumping off of a pile of hay .
a boy is posing for a picture .
a boy jumps off a hay bale .
a woman dancing .
a man is playing a guitar .
children are playing soccer .
two children are running down the street .
a man wearing jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man stands on a rock .
a man on stage with a microphone .
four children are walking with a white and white dog .
two men jogging in a city .
a guy is walking on a rail .
a girl smiles for the camera .
a black dog jumps into the water .
children walking down the street .
a man painting a picture .
a man is painting a wall .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a young man skateboarding on a metal pole .
a young man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a skateboarder doing tricks on his skateboard .
a skateboarder is doing a skateboard trick .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds .
a woman posing for a picture .
a skateboarder grinding .
a dog swims in the water .
a man wearing a coat and gloves .
a group of dogs running in a field .
a dog swims in the water .
a golden retriever swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a man painting a wall .
two people walking on a path .
a woman is walking down the street .
two men in a parade .
a band is listening to music .
a boy in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
people at an outdoor festival .
a child is singing into a microphone .
a woman walking along the side of a road .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a rope .
a child is sweeping a wall on a wall .
a young boy painting a picture .
a boy is standing in a field .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
a dog jumps into a pool .
a food vendor serving food .
a market full of vegetables and vegetables .
a group of women at a marketplace .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a person riding a bike .
a man is snowboarding .
a snowboarder wearing a green helmet is jumping .
a man and a woman are running .
a student in a classroom .
a young boy is playing a game of soccer .
basketball players playing basketball .
a child is standing in front of a brick building .
a group of people are having drinks .
a man walking down a street .
people are standing on a boat .
a group of men standing next to a woman .
a person jumping off a snowy jump .
a woman walking with two dogs .
a man standing on scaffolding in front of a construction site in a construction site .
a snowboarder doing a trick in the air .
a man skiing .
people doing a jump on a mountain .
a man wearing a black and black jacket is skiing .
a bride and groom getting married .
a boy wearing a red shirt .
two people are talking .
a female tennis player wearing a white outfit is performing a tennis ball .
a woman and a child are playing a game .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child are looking at paper .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a young girl is sitting on her back porch .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a girl is blowing bubbles with a hula hoop .
young boys playing soccer .
a group of women walking together .
two women are playing violin .
a woman posing for a picture .
a woman walking down a street .
soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players in red and red uniforms play soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
people in a city .
a boy is jumping into the water .
a group of children are playing outside .
a boy jumps into the water .
a person jumping in the air .
two people are playing in the snow .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
two men are talking to each other .
two people riding bikes .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a sweater is sitting on a chair .
a man is drinking a drink .
a man is walking under a lamp post with a flower on top of it .
two people riding bikes .
a bicyclist rides his bike .
a group of cyclists on the road .
two men are having a conversation .
a boy shooting a gun .
a young man sits on a ledge looking off into the distance .
a young boy in a swimming pool with a young boy in a swimming pool .
a child playing in a pool .
children playing in a pool .
a car drives down the road .
a car drives down the street .
a red mountain car drives past a green mountain .
a snow covered mountain .
people are driving down a road .
people walking down the street .
a woman poses for the camera .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman with a book smiles .
a woman holding a basket .
an older man cleaning a bar .
a person in a bathing suit stands next to a body of water .
a man with a broom on his head .
a man is eating outdoors .
a little boy playing in the sand .
a man in a white shirt is using a hammer .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a beard .
a man holding a flag .
a man sitting in front of a flag .
an american flag plays in front of an american flag .
a man with long hair is holding a guitar in front of an american flag .
a man playing chess .
a man in a blue shirt is playing his guitar .
a little boy is upside down .
a man in a blue shirt poses for a picture .
a man is playing a video game .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
three young men are practicing martial arts .
a man cleaning the floor .
a person standing outside .
two men are walking down a street .
people are crossing the street .
two people in a city .
a man and a woman are riding bikes on a street .
people crossing a street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a child walking through a field .
a man is eating a sandwich .
a black and white dog stands in the snow .
two men riding skateboards .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a football player tries to throw the ball .
a man performing a trick .
people eating in a restaurant .
a cat is looking at a string .
a dog walks by a pile of trash .
a brown dog stands in the mud .
a child walking in the grass .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
the train is on the train tracks .
two young boys are rollerskating .
a man is preparing food on a grill .
a young girl in a gym .
two men are sitting on steps .
a man is preparing a plate .
a person is doing a handstand on a roller coaster .
a group of people holding bags .
the train waits at the train station .
two girls are playing with toys .
a group of girls playing in a classroom .
two girls are looking at each other .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a black dog is standing in front of a waterfall .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person is walking down the street .
a black dog running through the water .
a woman is walking down a busy street .
two guys on skateboards .
a man and a boy are preparing food .
two people are cooking food in a kitchen .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
a man and a boy are preparing food .
people preparing food .
the snow is covered in snow .
two people are cooking a meal .
people preparing food in a restaurant .
two people are getting ready to serve something .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two men talking to each other .
two women are looking at a piece of wood .
people playing basketball .
a child sliding down a hill in the snow .
a child playing in the snow .
a boy is sledding through snow .
a toddler is sliding down a slide .
a boy stands on a wall .
a boy is walking on the sidewalk .
a boy walking down the street .
two construction workers are working .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people are running .
a man is walking down the street .
a baby is blowing bubbles .
two firefighters are working on an accident .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a man with a tattoo on his head .
a hockey game in a game .
a group of people are wearing jackets .
a car drives down the street .
a group of people looking at a building .
a woman dancing .
a man is dancing with a woman .
a dancer poses for a picture .
a woman dancing .
people walking down the street .
two people are doing a handstand on a beach .
two people on a beach .
people on a beach .
two people on a beach .
a woman pole vaulting .
a woman in a white shirt is doing a flip .
a woman pole vaulting .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is running .
a woman in a red and white uniform is running .
people jumping in the air .
a man and woman jump on a beach .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man and woman jump in the air .
a man and a woman are outside .
two people jumping on the beach .
people waiting for customers .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a pole in the air .
a woman holding a camera .
a woman in a black shirt is looking at the camera .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman wearing a pink dress .
a group of people are looking down from a building .
a group of security officers pose for a picture .
a group of people are standing on a balcony .
a person is standing next to water .
a man is performing a trick .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a skier flies through the air .
a man in a wetsuit is jumping into the water .
a man walking on a busy street .
a man rides a bike in a race .
a group of people on motorcycles .
a little girl playing on a swing .
a woman walking down the street .
a snowboarder does a trick in the air .
a man is walking down the street .
three teenagers are walking down the street .
a man snowboarding .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people are crossing a street .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a young boy is sitting on a chair .
a man is cooking with gloves .
a man eating at a picnic table .
two women walking down the street .
a girl in a pink shirt is jumping in the water .
a football player holding a ball .
a girl in a blue jacket is reaching into a swimming pool .
a football player in a white uniform is playing football .
two boys play in the grass .
a little girl is playing with a little girl .
children playing in a field .
two young children are standing in front of a pile of yellow tape .
a black and white dog swimming .
two dogs are fighting .
a dog runs through water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the ocean .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog catches a tennis ball .
two men are wrestling .
children having a conversation .
a woman is walking through a laundry mat .
a man with a beard and a man wearing a cap .
a boy in a black shirt is looking at something .
a man is looking at the water .
a view of a city .
people shopping outside .
a person is hanging upside down .
a person walking down the street .
a woman standing at a store .
a person is walking down the street .
a person stands at a crosswalk .
a person walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
two men ride a boat .
two men are fishing in a boat .
two men standing on a boat .
two men on a boat .
two men are standing outside .
two men are standing outside .
people standing outside .
two men are looking over a wall .
a man in a park .
people swimming .
tourists taking pictures of tourists .
a tourist is looking at the ocean .
tourists are looking through binoculars .
a hiker taking a picture of the ocean .
people walking down the street .
a boy swings on a swing .
a boy in a green shirt jumps over a skateboard .
a man and woman kissing .
a man and woman kissing .
people posing for a picture .
people kissing on a train .
a group of people are kissing .
a woman jogging .
a man is walking through the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a person getting ready to throw a stick .
a man cutting food .
a woman and two children are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman holding a baby with a little boy on her lap .
an elderly woman holding a toddler .
a girl in a pink jacket is standing next to a street sign .
a man using a knife .
a woman with two children .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a man is holding his arms .
a man is practicing gymnastics .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a group of children are gathered together .
a man is walking down the street .
people running in a marathon .
two people running .
two people running in a marathon .
a man wearing a hat is making something .
four people performing on a stage .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a group of performers playing instruments .
people watching an event .
three performers perform in front of a crowd .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is jogging .
a woman running down the street .
a woman is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman running .
a group of people are gathered around a statue .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman and a child are sitting on a bench .
a woman looking at the camera .
two police officers outside a building .
a group of people in a vehicle .
a person is hanging from a tree .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a woman in a white shirt looking at something .
a man is looking at a microscope .
a man sitting on a bench .
people getting ready to hit a volleyball .
people are walking down a street .
a singer in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is holding a bike .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt sings into a microphone .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is standing in front of a house .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a person walking on the sidewalk on the sidewalk .
a man is holding a bird .
people working in a park .
a group of people working together .
a young girl serving drinks on a tray .
a group of construction workers are working .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
two martial artists practice martial arts .
a crowd of people at a market .
a man walking down a street .
a man leaning against a wall .
a man with a backpack .
a man is looking at merchandise .
a race car is being towed by a race car .
a white and white field .
three dogs swimming in the water .
children are writing together .
a girl in a white shirt and black shorts is holding a pole in front of a pole .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is working with a hammer .
a girl looking through a telescope .
a man walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is carrying a cane .
a man in a santa suit stands in a circle .
a band in new york city .
a person is jumping in the air in the air with a mountain in the background .
two men are playing instruments .
a band is playing on stage .
a truck is parked next to a truck .
a girl wearing a pink shirt .
a girl is standing next to a tree .
a girl is sitting on a wall .
a girl wearing a red and white striped shirt .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting next to plants .
a woman wearing a green shirt is walking down the street .
a girl sitting on a rock .
a girl is standing in front of a store .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a man is cleaning a table .
two people are talking .
two young students having a conversation .
two men talking to each other .
two young students are having a discussion .
two young students are sitting in front of a concrete wall .
people are sitting outside .
two men are sitting at a stone wall in front of a stone wall .
a group of men are standing together .
two men are talking to each other in front of a wall full of people .
two men are talking in front of a store .
a group of people are gathered together .
two men are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people sitting in front of a chalkboard .
two men in front of a crowd .
two men are standing in a room .
a man jumping in the air .
men talking to each other .
two men are talking .
two men talking to each other .
two men talk outside .
two men talking to each other .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a person diving into a pile of leaves .
a boy jumps into a pile of leaves .
a snow pile of leaves .
a man is jumping in a pile of leaves .
a man is jumping into a pile of leaves .
a boy is playing soccer .
a woman stands in the mountains .
a man is standing next to a counter .
people walking with shopping bags .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a street vendor selling fruit .
a police officer standing next to a horse .
a group of people are holding hands .
three young boys pose for the camera .
three young boys pose for the camera .
three boys in blue shirts are smiling and smiling .
three young boys smiling .
a man getting a haircut .
a boy stands in front of a pizza stand .
people walking down a street .
five people are standing outside a building .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women jogging down a dirt trail .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man and a woman are playing outside .
five people are standing outside .
a group of people walking down a street .
four people are walking down a street .
a group of people walking down a path .
people walking on a path .
people running in a marathon .
a woman is walking down the street .
a girl walking down the street .
a singer in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman walking past a parking garage .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a lady walking down the street .
a person stands in front of a wall with a wall in front of it .
a group of people standing in front of a wooden structure in front of a building .
a person stands in front of a group of people .
a woman sitting on a dock .
a man is shaving his head .
a woman is shopping .
people are walking around a subway station .
a woman walking up steps .
a man cutting a chainsaw .
a man is carving a statue .
a man is carving a christmas tree .
a man is using a chainsaw .
a man is pointing .
a black and white dog carrying a stick .
a dog runs through the sand .
a little girl in pink is standing in the snow .
a man and a woman are standing on a street while one of them is pointing at something .
a child skiing down a snowy hill .
a child is skiing down a hill .
a skier is skiing .
a man wearing a tank top .
a group of people are running .
people running down a street .
a group of men are running .
a group of men are running around .
a child rides a toy .
a child is sitting next to a large tree .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
people running in a marathon .
a child is looking at something .
a group of people in red and white are listening to music .
a man in a red shirt speaks into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
two snowy mountains are snowy .
a mountain covered mountain .
two skiers in snow .
a little girl is running towards the ducks .
a man is making a snack .
a man is feeding two dogs .
a man repairing a project .
a group of people are watching something .
people sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a man in a car .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a lady is playing on the beach .
a toddler is playing outside .
a young child is playing with a toy truck .
a woman plays with her child .
a woman in a pink shirt is walking .
a mother and her son are playing .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
a woman standing in a store .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is playing tennis .
a woman is sitting on a beach on a beach .
a woman is sitting on the beach .
a couple kissing on the beach .
a woman is holding a man 's hair .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is hiking through the snow .
two people are talking on the beach .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is on a beach .
a couple walking down the street .
a woman is holding a man 's hair .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is kissing a man on the beach .
an old man is looking at something .
an old man looking at the camera .
a group of children and children are playing soccer .
a man playing a guitar .
people are working on a project .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs on the beach .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a brown dog runs with a stick .
a man with a blue shirt sitting on a bench .
a guy riding a bike .
two women competing in a race .
a motorcyclist is performing a trick on a course .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of people riding bikes in the city .
a man is trying to fix a ladder .
three people riding bikes .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man sitting on a bench .
people are riding in the ocean .
a nurse is in a hospital .
a group of people are dancing .
a man and a woman are looking at a man in a costume .
two people dressed in costumes .
people standing in front of a shop .
two people are looking at something .
two women playing volleyball on the beach .
people competing in a race .
two women are playing outside .
a group of young men are having a conversation .
a baseball player is holding a baseball in his hand .
people waiting at a subway station .
a girl laughing .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man in a green shirt grilling hotdogs on a grill .
a man cooking food .
a man cooking food on a grill .
a man is grilling meat on a grill .
a group of people talking .
bike riders jump into the air .
a group of bike riders jump into the air .
a man is painting an art gallery .
a girl in a red dress poses for the camera .
a dog playing with a toy .
a security guard is working on a machine .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man is sitting at a restaurant .
three children are playing outside .
a man is giving a haircut .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a young woman plays guitar on stage .
a man playing guitar .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a dog chases a frisbee .
a woman in a dress is dancing .
a woman in a blue shirt is wrestling .
a woman holding something in her hand .
a man and woman stand together .
a group of people are smiling .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
people are walking in a river .
a girl hangs from a tennis court .
three people in a building .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a group of construction workers standing together .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is jogging in front of a construction site .
a man is jogging down the street in front of a large building .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man jogging .
three people are looking at something .
a dog is standing next to a tree branch .
three people on a boat .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a group of people talking at a restaurant .
two women talking to each other .
a skier is skiing down a hill .
a bald man is eating lunch at a restaurant .
a woman wearing a tank top .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is looking at a baby .
a man working on the window of a building .
a hiker stands on a hillside .
two men play in a yard .
a man working with a drill .
a policeman is jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a soccer game in a soccer game .
two women playing with ice hockey .
two women competing in a match .
two women in blue and white uniforms playing hockey .
two girls compete in a gym .
two hockey players playing hockey .
a dog playing with a ball on the beach .
a man and woman are eating dinner .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a baby on a ride .
a group of women running on a sunny day .
people walk down the street .
two girls looking at a display display .
a group of women looking at fans .
two people looking at a display display .
three women looking at a display .
a group of women looking at something .
people walking down the street .
a group of young men dancing .
two men are performing on stage .
four men , one wearing white and the other in white , are playing the drums .
a group of men are dancing .
two men singing on stage .
a woman is riding on a ride .
a mother and her daughter are laughing .
a mother and her daughter are sitting at a table .
a woman and child ride a carnival ride .
a mother and daughter at a fair ride .
a mother and daughter ride on a roller coaster .
a skier is skiing down a slope .
two people standing on a sidewalk .
a person skiing .
people shopping at walmart .
two people pushing a cart .
two people shopping at walmart .
two people shopping at a store .
people shopping at a market .
an elderly man is holding an older woman .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a man is helping a man cross the street .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a woman swings on a swing .
a group of women running on the beach .
girls playing soccer .
a girl wearing sunglasses and a black jacket is walking along a brick sidewalk .
a woman stands in front of a restaurant in front of a restaurant .
a group of girls playing basketball .
girls playing soccer .
two young girls playing in the grass .
two women wearing coats .
a little girl wearing a scarf .
a group of people are standing outside .
a blond girl walking .
a basketball player is attempting to block the basketball .
a man in a pink shirt carries two people on a beach .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is leaving a store .
a group of people at a fair .
a man is leaving a grocery store .
a man in a white shirt is taking a nap .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two men are smoking .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a person is holding something .
a construction worker sitting on the ground .
a man with a knife in his hand .
a man is looking over a railing .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in a blue chair .
a group of people on a beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking his bike .
a dancer is dressed in white .
a woman dancing .
a woman doing gymnastics .
a young girl holding a hula hoop .
a man in a blue shirt with a mohawk .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman wearing a hat .
a police officer is riding a horse .
a man is working in a wood shop .
two police officers on horses .
a police officer is standing outside .
a police officer on a horse .
a man is carrying a small dog .
people are walking down a street .
a man working on a machine .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people are waiting for the crowd .
a man working on a computer .
two women are walking down the street .
a girl rides a bike .
a girl in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man and a dog hiking through the snow .
a man cutting wood .
a woman is riding a bike .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a man in a hard hat is working on something .
a brown dog chewing on wood .
a person picking up food .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl picking up a shovel .
a man riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man rides a bike .
a man rides a bike in a parade .
a man wearing a green shirt and green pants .
a man is riding a small vehicle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog with a toy in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a group of people standing next to each other .
a man is standing next to a woman with glasses .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
a man is talking .
a man sitting at a bar .
a group of people talking .
a woman is applying makeup .
a man is shaking his tongue out .
a band plays on stage .
a boy rides a horse .
a young boy rides a horse .
a little boy on a horse .
a boy is riding a horse .
three men are riding horses .
people sitting on a bench .
two girls pose in front of a tree .
a lady is eating corn .
two women walking down the street .
two hikers are climbing a mountain .
two people are climbing up a hill .
two people hiking through the snow .
a man and a woman hiking in the woods .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people hiking on a mountain .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people in colorful costumes .
two people walking down the street .
a person climbing a rock .
a little girl is standing next to a flower post .
four children are sitting at a picnic table .
a young girl is petting a flower outside .
a woman holding a flower .
a girl is hugging a flower .
a child holding a flower .
a little girl holding a flower .
a little girl is smiling .
a small dog and a small dog .
a bird flying .
a young woman in a pink shirt is smiling .
an elderly man wearing a red shirt and blue pants .
a woman is smiling .
an older woman with red hair is smiling .
a woman sitting on a deck .
a woman is sitting on a bench with leaves in the background .
a woman stands in front of a green background .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a walkway .
a woman in a dress is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting next to a wall .
a blond woman wearing sunglasses poses for a picture .
a blond woman wearing a dress .
a man in a baseball cap and a baseball cap plays guitar .
a girl looking at a painting .
a woman is taking a break .
a person taking a picture .
a woman with a tattoo .
a young girl is taking a picture of an art gallery .
two dogs run through the grass .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a man is bowling .
a group of children are having fun .
a man is bowling .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man is bowling .
two people talking .
three people are standing next to each other .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
people talking in a crowd .
two men are talking to each other while talking on the phone .
a woman is kicking a ball .
a woman doing a handstand on a gym .
a woman in a white shirt is boxing .
a woman in a blue tank top holding a bag .
a woman practicing karate .
a man is playing pool .
a person playing pool .
a man is playing pool .
a man wearing glasses is playing pool .
a woman working on a loom .
a man in a white shirt is playing pool .
a young girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
two men playing rugby .
a man is standing on a bridge holding an object .
a man in a blue shirt stands next to a large monument .
two men are selling goods from a cart .
two teams are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a man with a beard and a man in a white shirt .
two boxers fighting .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man in a martial arts competition .
a man writing on a piece of paper .
police officers are standing outside .
three men are sitting on rocks .
a man on a beach .
a woman and a dog are walking through the snow .
a young girl on a beach .
two people are riding on a road .
a young woman standing in the snow with a black dog .
a young girl on a beach .
a little girl is holding a shovel .
a person is walking down the street .
a girl on a beach .
a young girl in a bathing suit plays in the sand .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a group of people are gathered together .
a couple kissing by a body of water .
three people in a park .
a man taking a picture .
a couple taking pictures .
a person laying on a bench .
a man laying on a bench under trees .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl is standing in the water .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man holding a boy in a swimming pool .
a man and a child are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a little girl is jumping rope .
a man standing outside a building .
three people are swimming in a pool .
a woman wearing a yellow and yellow dress .
a group of people are outside .
people dressed in costumes .
a crowd of people in yellow and white .
people dancing in a parade .
a skateboarder is wearing a helmet .
two people talking .
a mechanic is working on a train train .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man working on a railroad track .
a man is walking past a car .
three people are standing near a body of water .
three men are sitting at a pier with three boats in the background .
a group of people are fishing .
a black and white dog jumping .
people are standing in the ocean with boats in the background .
a woman playing a guitar .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is playing an instrument .
three dogs are standing together .
two dogs walking through a field .
a large group of people are looking at something .
a woman standing in front of a sewing machine .
a black and white dog is running through the park .
a man in a white shirt is laughing .
a man in a white shirt smiling .
a man is standing in snow .
a group of men are standing outside .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man smiling .
a man in a suit is laughing .
a man smiling .
a man smiles at the camera .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young man taking a cellphone .
people looking at produce .
a woman in a market .
a man and woman are looking at merchandise .
a man and woman are shopping .
a man and a woman are smiling .
people crossing a bridge .
two children are running .
two boys wearing yellow shirts and yellow shirts .
two boys in a crowd .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
a group of people are walking on a bridge in front of a white river .
a cowboy riding a bull .
a group of people are sitting in a boat .
a man standing on a mountain .
a brown and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of cowboys are riding horses .
two dogs pulling each other .
two horses pulling a sheep .
an old man standing next to a doorway .
a man is reading a sign .
a man standing in front of a building .
a man with a beard leans against a low wall .
an old man is standing outside .
a man leaning against a wall .
a man is looking away .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is giving a speech .
a man wearing a hat is smiling .
a person in a red shirt is using a cellphone .
a man using a cellphone .
a man smokes a cigarette at the phone .
a boy skating on a ramp .
a boy on a roller coaster .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside .
a man is doing a skateboard trick in a skate park .
a man skateboarding in a park .
a man is sliding down a railing .
a man in rollerblades slides down a railing .
a man doing tricks on a rail .
a group of people are outside .
a mountain climber wearing a red shirt and black cap is climbing a mountain .
two men and a man are standing next to each other while standing next to each other .
a man is holding a backpack .
a group of people are working on an elevator .
a man in a black shirt is laughing .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street with his arms crossed .
a busy city street .
soccer players are running .
rugby players are tackling a football player .
a group of young men are playing a game .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man on a motorcycle .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
two young men are shoveling snow .
a man with a black jacket and a black jacket is looking at a man .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man looking at a mountain .
a man walking past a building .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a woman in a red tank top and a woman in a red tank top are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a woman in a pink dress is eating .
a young woman enjoying lunch outside .
two women are eating .
a man is running down a street next to a fire .
a group of people are working on a building .
a group of people are standing outside .
people are working on a building .
a man shaving his head .
two men are walking down the street .
three people are standing on a motorcycle .
a man in a white shirt doing a trick .
three men are talking to each other .
a group of men posing for a picture .
two football teams are playing football , one team is holding a football .
a crowd watching a football game .
a football player in red and white and black and black .
a group of people are watching a football game .
a group of people playing soccer .
a smiling man is smiling .
a football player kicking a ball .
a man is sitting on a stool .
two women are taking a baby .
a baby in a store .
two women are sitting at a table .
a woman and a baby in a store .
two women are sitting at a table .
three people are standing outside .
two women are looking at flowers .
two african american women are standing in a store with a baby .
women standing in a store .
two women are sitting at a table .
people standing in a store .
people are standing outside of a building .
a group of children sitting at a table .
people are sitting and talking .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman stands in a crowd .
a woman is walking down a busy street .
a woman is walking with coffee .
a woman in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a woman walking down a street .
a woman in jeans is holding a coffee cup .
a woman is holding a cup .
a woman is eating food .
a woman eating fruit outside .
a woman shopping at a market .
a woman looking at fruit .
a woman eating fruit .
a man playing a sport .
a dancer in a colorful costume .
women dancing in the street .
two women performing a dance .
men dancing .
a baby is wearing a blue outfit .
a baby is sitting on a blanket .
a baby laying down .
a baby crying .
a baby is brushing his teeth .
a man walking by a building .
an old man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
two people sitting on a bench .
a man walking with his head .
two people at a park .
two men are sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting next to a flower bed .
a person is walking next to a brick building .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a child is standing on a rock .
a man and a woman are smiling .
people walking down a street .
a group of men are standing in a street .
a man is holding a fan .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people sitting around a tent .
people are sitting and talking .
people at a festival .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is reading a book .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting at a table .
a group of men sitting at a dinner table .
a group of men are talking .
a person wearing a black coat and a black coat .
a dog is sitting next to a statue .
a woman is leaving a large building .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman walking past a building .
a skateboarder on the street .
three teenagers are talking to each other .
a woman is getting ready to surf .
a bride and groom enjoy a wedding .
a crowd gathers under a tent .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a man at a rodeo .
a woman with a black umbrella is carrying an umbrella .
a group of people at a gathering .
a man is walking down the street .
a man running on the beach .
a man is running .
a man is playing on a beach in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt running .
a man running in a field .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a man on a bike .
a man on a beach .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman is sitting on top of a bowl .
a woman looking at a map .
a group of girls are sitting in a circle .
a group of girls wearing dresses .
a group of children dressed in colorful costumes .
a woman getting ready to jump into the water .
a group of people gathered around a table .
people walking down a street .
several asian people carrying bags .
people walking through a subway station .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
three dogs run into the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs running through water .
a dog runs through the ocean .
three dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
four children are standing next to a fence .
a man with a beard is standing next to a business van holding a briefcase .
a man is sitting next to a statue of a statue .
a group of people walking on a field .
a man stands next to a statue .
a boy running in the grass .
people waiting at a street vendor .
a man walking down a street at night .
a small child runs through the grass .
a child plays in the grass .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man digging a hole .
a man is holding a shovel in his hands .
a child in a toy store .
a teenage boy in a blue shirt is digging through hay .
a child playing with hay .
a man is playing in the hay .
a man digging through a pile of hay in a yard .
a young girl is playing on a playground .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a girl in a black shirt and jeans is holding a bag .
a woman walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt holding something .
a group of people walking by an old building .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking past a building .
a woman standing in front of a road .
a woman in a black top is standing next to a road .
a woman in a black dress walks next to a road .
a woman standing next to a road .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people walk down the street .
a man stands in front of a crowd .
people walking down the street .
a crowd of people talking to a crowd .
a group of people listening to a presentation .
people walking in the city .
a dog is walking on the grass .
the dog is walking across the grass .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog walks through the snow .
a dog walks in the grass .
the brown dog is in the grass .
a dog with a red collar .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people having drinks .
a man in a tuxedo and a woman in a tuxedo dance .
a man and woman dancing at a wedding party .
a woman hula hooping .
a ballerina hula hooping on the street .
a woman hula hooping .
a man dances with a hula hoop in the background .
a group of people looking through a notebook .
a black and white dog stands on the grass .
a woman in a green shirt is walking .
a woman in a white shirt is walking through a crosswalk .
a woman walking in the city .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people are talking .
a view of a city street .
three people are talking .
a child running down the street .
a person in a black shirt sits on a wooden bench .
two women riding bikes .
a man with a blue shirt is standing next to a man .
people watching something .
a group of people playing frisbee .
a man in a red shirt is playing a board game .
two men playing frisbee frisbee .
a group of people playing frisbee .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two men playing football .
a dog in a parking lot .
a dog stands in the snow .
a dog is looking over a bridge .
two women are walking down the street .
the two teams are playing soccer .
a blond woman in a white dress holding a young boy in a white dress .
a couple getting married .
two men are standing next to a car .
a couple taking a picture .
a couple enjoying the wedding .
a young boy is walking under an umbrella .
a race car is going down the road .
two cars are standing on a field .
a car is parked on display .
a car is on display .
a race car is being filmed .
a woman holding a child .
a woman in a pink shirt is looking at a girl in a white shirt .
a woman plays a game of jena .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
people playing a game .
a little girl is playing jena .
people riding bikes down the street .
a group of people on a wall .
a man and a woman are watching a man .
a man performing a trick .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a crowd of people .
a man is watching a group of people .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a crowd watches a street performer .
a group of birds sitting outside .
a man in a denim jacket is smiling .
a man on a sand castle .
several men are walking down a street .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a band is performing on stage .
a man in a black and red uniform is running .
a man is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
two children are dancing .
a dog is standing in the sand .
two children are looking at something .
two ballet dancers performing ballet .
a dog playing in the sand .
a black and white dog running across the ground .
a dog runs through the grass .
the dog is running in the water .
a black and white dog is running .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays with a stick .
a dog is playing with a stick .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a dog carries a stick .
a dog runs through the grass .
two girls running towards a fountain .
a dog runs across a field .
a dog runs on the grass .
a boy climbing rocks .
three children are jumping in the air .
girls playing in a park .
two dancers dance in public .
a surfer rides a wave .
a smiling man smiling .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person walking down the street .
a mother and daughter are reading a book .
three people are standing on a bridge .
a boy sliding down a snowy hill .
a child rides on a mountain .
a child playing in the snow .
a child is sliding down a snowy hill .
a boy in the snow .
a woman in a coat is walking down the street .
a person riding a bicycle .
a couple riding a race .
two people competing in a race .
two cyclists race down a street .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman playing guitar .
a man holding a guitar .
a person sitting on a bench .
two men are standing by a beach .
two men are playing instruments .
two people are sitting on a mat .
a man in a green shirt is standing in the water .
people walking down the street .
a family enjoying the water .
a man and a woman sit at a table with a small child .
a group of people are sitting on a boat .
a woman feeding pigeons .
a man playing a guitar .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a woman wearing a red dress .
a man is playing guitar .
a woman in a red shirt looking at the camera .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a person in a boat .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar while holding a microphone .
people walking down the street .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
people walking down a street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog playing frisbee .
a man wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a band plays on stage .
a woman playing volleyball on the beach .
a singer in a brown dress .
a group of women are performing in a band .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man watches a dog .
a man is walking down the street .
the dog is running through the grass with a frisbee in its mouth .
a woman walking by a dog .
a dog running in the grass .
a black and white dog is running with a tennis ball in the background .
a black and white dog runs through the grass .
a woman and a dog outside .
a woman is running through a grassy field in front of a crowd of people .
a woman in a red shirt and a dog in a field .
a woman running a race .
a woman and a dog outside .
a woman is looking at a dog .
a dog runs through a field .
two people hugging .
two people are standing next to a motorcycle .
people standing in front of a red car .
a person is standing next to a car .
a man is sitting at a restaurant .
a man is leaving a car .
a woman sitting at a desk .
a little girl is hugging a boy .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
two people waiting for the train .
a woman in a white dress is holding her hand .
a group of people playing basketball .
a man playing volleyball .
a man in a subway station .
a man carrying a sign .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man carrying a sign .
two young men are walking down the street .
a motocross rider jumps over a rail .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people dressed in white and white are dancing on a city street .
a group of people dancing outside .
two elderly women are dancing .
a woman reading a book in a subway station .
a woman wearing a green apron is working with vegetables .
a woman is looking at a produce at a farmers market .
three men stand under an umbrella .
a man is playing on the beach .
a little girl is playing outside .
a little girl in a blue shirt is walking .
a young girl is standing on a rock .
a little girl is climbing .
a girl is standing on a bike .
a man and woman are facing each other .
a plane flies through the air .
a group of people looking at something .
construction workers are standing next to a rail .
two young men are standing at a construction site at a construction site .
a woman buying produce from a market .
a boy stands in front of a building .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a boy is playing with a pinata .
a woman in a blue shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
a little boy swings a bat at a pinata .
a boy holding a bat .
a little girl is getting ready to take a picture .
a little boy is holding a bat .
a boy is trying to hit a pinata .
a man boxing .
a woman in a red apron is cooking .
a firefighter working in a factory .
a man in a white shirt is boxing .
a woman preparing food .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
a man wearing a boxing cap is welding .
an old man wearing a coat and a coat .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is sitting next to a wall .
a man leaning against a building .
a dog in a car .
a black and white dog is riding a red car .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a dog in a car .
a cowboy riding a bucking bull in a rodeo .
a man wearing sunglasses and a white shirt is using a hammer with a hammer and a hammer .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is playing a saxophone .
a shirtless man using a metal hose .
a man in a black shirt drilling a piece of metal .
a man working on a project .
a boy holding a red bucket .
a man carries a horse in a blanket .
a man is sleeping on a horse .
a cowboy is running .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a green shirt .
a man is feeding a horse .
a woman is feeding a horse .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a man is sitting on a gray horse .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl in a blue uniform is standing in a crowd .
a woman in a black uniform poses .
a woman in a black dress stands in the street .
two children are looking at something .
children riding their bikes .
a group of people on a boat .
two girls swimming .
two dogs on the beach .
a woman is riding a bike .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
people walking down a street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman in a white uniform is standing in front of a crowd .
a mother and son ride their bikes .
a woman is playing with her son .
two asian people are walking down a street .
a person is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man laying on a park bench .
a dog leaps into a pool .
a dog is jumping into a swimming pool .
a dog jumps into a swimming pool .
a dog jumps into a swimming pool .
a dog jumps into a swimming pool .
a boy is sleeping on a bed .
two children playing in the water .
people playing in the water .
two men are pushing a large golf ball .
children swimming in the ocean .
two police officers on horses .
a black and white dog jumping .
a man is sitting in the street .
a young girl is watching a young boy .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a table with a sign in the background .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a lady is holding a baby .
a person is holding a baby in his arms .
a man is holding something .
two dogs play in a pool .
two women wearing sandals .
two people are dancing .
a woman shopping at a store .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man and woman are looking at each other .
a person walking down the street .
two people working at a booth .
two people in a room .
a group of people taking a break .
a man and a woman are standing outside .
chefs are working in a kitchen .
a girl in a purple shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
two teenage girls walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
a man sits by a large plant .
people playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man is looking through a window .
a man standing in front of a cafe .
a man in a suit stands in front of a cafe .
a man sitting at a cafe .
a man standing in front of a cafe .
a man is standing outside .
a man stands in front of a cafe .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man standing next to a shop window .
a man standing in front of a doorway and store store .
a man standing in front of a window .
a man standing outside a store .
a man is reading a sign in front of a cafe .
a man standing at a subway station .
customer waiting for customers waiting for customers .
a man and a woman walk down a street .
a child holding onto a pole with his hands .
a black and white dog jumps over a fence .
a child is crying on a playground .
a busy city street .
people walking down the street .
a boy poses for the camera .
a dog jumps over a dog .
people walking down the street .
people are walking around a market .
people walking down a street .
a group of people gather at a parking lot .
people are walking in a parking lot .
three people are talking .
a group of people are gathered around a tree .
a woman holding a baby under a tree .
women shopping at a market .
a family stands near a tree .
young women walking down the street .
three girls talking in a parking lot .
three women are walking down the street .
two women talking on cellphones .
two girls are playing outside .
a couple walking down the street .
a person is riding a bike .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is wearing a hat .
a family is having fun .
a man is eating a meal .
a man and woman sit at a bench .
a dog catches a ball .
a person is standing on a cliff .
a young boy is teaching a young boy .
a young boy is smiling and smiling .
a child smiling .
a smiling child smiling .
a child smiling .
a child is playing with a toy .
a young child playing with a toy .
a smiling man smiling .
three men smiling .
a dog plays with a dog .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
people looking out the window of a bus .
a woman with brown hair .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a picture of a video game .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a woman singing with her band .
a woman is making a face .
a blond woman is making a funny face .
a woman making a funny face .
a blond woman in a white shirt making a funny face .
a person is making a funny face .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a man holding an axe .
two dogs running .
a group of people are gathered outside .
two dogs running together .
two dogs in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a yellow shirt is playing the drums .
two people standing on a mountain .
a man at a fair .
two young boys are smiling .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is sitting in front of a wall .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a woman holding a camera .
two women hugging each other .
an older woman is hugging an older woman .
a woman holding a child .
a woman hugging a girl .
an elderly woman kisses her daughter .
two women looking at each other .
two men walking down the street .
a photographer taking a picture .
a person taking a picture .
a person taking a picture .
a photographer taking a picture .
a man taking pictures .
a man taking a picture .
a man is cooking food .
a boy in a crowd watches .
a man is cooking food .
a man is making dinner .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a cook is cooking meat .
a man walking .
people are standing outside .
a person walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a woman in a gym .
a girl giving a hug .
a young child with a mohawk is standing in front of a crowd .
a young man in a blue shirt is playing with a basketball .
a woman working on a machine .
a group of people dancing .
a man in a wheelchair on the sidewalk .
a man is trying to catch a net .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a fishing net .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man is standing on a chair .
a worker wearing a helmet .
cyclists race down the street .
a woman in a hospital .
a girl rides a bike in a desert .
a woman riding a bike .
two surgeons are getting ready to perform .
two surgeons performing a surgery .
two surgeons performing surgery .
doctors performing surgery .
a cyclist is racing .
a man holding a drink .
a person on a bicycle .
a bicyclist rides on the street .
a man is racing .
a man is shopping .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a child on a red slide .
a young boy is smiling .
a man stands next to a lamp post .
a batter is playing a game .
a child sliding down a slide on a slide .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a crowd performs on stage .
three dancers are performing on stage .
a group of dancers in red perform .
two people perform on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a man is looking at something .
a man wearing a red baseball hat .
a man in a leather jacket is holding up a sign .
a man holding something in his hand .
a man holding a sign .
a boy and a young boy are walking down the street .
a boy is sitting on the street .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a man and a woman are cooking .
a young boy is walking down a street .
a child is pushing a boy 's bike .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a person carrying a large bundle of vegetables .
a man is holding an umbrella .
two boys playing outside .
a man sitting on a bench .
people playing hockey .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
a man is licking a plate of food .
a woman and a woman are listening to music .
a woman performing a dance .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone on a stage .
a boy poses for the camera .
a brown dog jumping in the air .
a man selling fruit .
people sitting on a deck .
a couple sitting on a boardwalk .
a boy wearing a helmet is holding a gun .
a man is opening a gun .
people sitting on a bench .
a fisherman on a river .
a man fishing in the water .
a woman laughing .
a man in a brown jacket is holding a stick .
a man fishing .
a man fishing .
a man fishing .
a man fishing .
a boy stands in shallow water .
a man fishing .
two women walking down the street .
three men work together .
three children are sitting at the beach .
a man in a blue shirt jumping .
a young boy wearing a black shirt and black pants .
two people are running on the street .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a person jumping in the air .
a child jumps with his arms .
a man in a green shirt is jumping on a lawn .
people are crossing the street .
a child wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a man repairing a bicycle .
a girl wearing a cowboy hat .
kids playing in a park .
a cat with a dog in its mouth .
a priest is holding a microphone .
a crane in the snow .
a man is digging a hole in a field .
a yellow crane in the middle of a building .
a busy city street .
a crane prepares to jump into the air .
the train is busy .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman dancing .
a young man is playing the guitar .
a man and a woman are smiling .
men dancing .
a man and woman dance in front of a group of people .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a woman with long hair is sitting on a bench .
two women walking down the street .
a woman is reading a book .
a girl is jumping rope .
two women wearing colorful clothing .
a person is rock climbing .
a woman at a market .
a man on a cliff climbing up a cliff .
a man climbing a mountain .
a rock climber scales a wall .
a man in a hat is standing on a sidewalk .
a rock climber wearing an orange hard hat .
a rock climber climbs a rock wall with his arms .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a person climbing a mountain .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a blue jersey is running .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are jumping rope .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a table full of boxes .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are talking to each other .
two women are walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two women walking down a street .
a person diving into a pool .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a person taking a drink .
a woman running across a field .
two men wearing hats .
a man is drinking a beer .
a group of people singing .
a man walking up a hill .
a man is taking a drink .
a woman is knitting .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
an elderly woman with long hair is weaving yarn .
a man catching a parachute .
a man in a white shirt is knitting .
a man is playing golf .
three people are standing next to a house .
two girls are running .
a group of people talking .
two girls are playing outside .
two girls are playing outside .
two girls walking down the street .
two dogs running in the grass .
two men are waiting at a restaurant .
two men waiting in line .
two men are sitting on a bench talking to each other .
two men are standing behind each other .
two men are waiting for something .
two men are wearing hats .
a dog is looking at the ball .
a white dog is looking at a red ball .
customers at a restaurant counter .
two men wearing black shirts are working on a grill .
a group of people looking at a market .
two men looking at a grill .
a group of men looking at meat .
a man prepares meat .
two men jumping into the air .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman riding a bike .
a woman is standing next to an umbrella .
two young children are playing in a room .
two women are drinking beer .
a man holding a flag .
two people kayaking .
two people on the beach .
two women are standing in a body of water .
a group of people on the beach .
a man and a woman are kayaking .
a man carries a dog .
a woman is cooking .
a group of young adults playing basketball .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
children run after a soccer ball .
three children playing soccer .
three children are playing soccer .
a child sliding down a slide .
a boy diving into a pool .
a person sliding down a diving board into a pool .
a child is taking a ride on the water .
a horse in a rodeo .
a man climbing a rocky mountain .
a man laying on his back in a cave .
a man climbing up a hill .
a climber on the ground with a branch on the ground .
a person climbing a rock .
two men running on the beach .
two men racing in a race .
people running in a marathon .
two men are standing outside .
two men running on the beach .
a golfer swings his golf club .
two people having drinks .
a man drives a bicycle on the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is playing the accordion .
two men working at a restaurant .
a man and a woman in a kitchen .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people standing around a table .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman is bowling .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a person hiking through the snow .
a man is hiking up a snowy hill .
a woman is fixing food .
a man is walking down a trail carrying a bottle of water .
a man is standing in front of trees .
a dog plays with a toy .
a black and white dog catching a frisbee .
a black and white dog is about to catch a ball .
a young boy is holding a paper bag .
a woman selling items on the street .
a man and a woman are playing golf .
a woman selling goods on the ground at a market .
a white dog is chasing a yellow ball .
a man standing on a ladder on a ladder .
a man is painting a mural .
a man painting a ladder on a ladder .
a worker standing next to a telephone pole .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a brown dog is on a pink toy .
a dog is taking a bite .
a woman in a black jacket is skiing .
a group of students are gathered around a monument .
a woman is lifting something .
people standing outside .
a woman sitting at a table .
a dog runs through leaves .
a dog runs towards a stick .
a child is making a funny face .
a child is making a face face .
a child in a towel .
a child in a towel .
a child is making a funny face .
a white dog is running through the grass .
a child playing on a playground .
a woman in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a child on a skateboard .
a boy is holding something in his hands .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on the end of a rope .
a boy on a rope .
a boy is standing on a rope holding a rope .
a boy is standing on a rope .
a group of people on a river .
people are riding on a boat .
two men working with wood .
a boat in the water .
a group of people on the beach .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people standing in front of a vending machine .
a man reading a book .
a man riding a bike .
a band performs on stage .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man rides a bike while others watch .
a child is pushing a stroller .
a woman and a young girl are sitting at a table at a fair .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman holding a child .
a man in a blue shirt reading a book .
a woman in a blue shirt is reading a book on a couch .
a woman reading a book .
a man with glasses is reading a book .
a man sitting on a sidewalk .
an asian woman is preparing a meal .
two men are sitting on a floor .
two men are sitting on the floor .
a football team in red and white football uniforms , white and white , white and white football uniforms , white shorts , white shorts , white shorts , white shorts , white shorts , white shorts , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts , white shirt , white shorts ,
a man carrying a flag .
people are walking around a building .
a group of people walking by a building .
three people walking along a road .
a group of people outside a building .
a woman in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a woman is selling flowers .
a man in a suit and a man in a suit .
people walking around in the middle of town .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a man and woman dancing at a party .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple dancing .
a couple dancing .
a man standing in front of a microphone .
a man on a beach .
a man is talking .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is riding a motorcycle at an event .
a person on a dirt bike .
a person riding a bike .
a boy rides a bike .
a boy rides a bike .
a man riding a motorcycle .
two men are walking down the street .
a little boy is running in a field .
two men walking through the snow .
two men are standing in the snow .
people are standing in the snow .
a person in the sand .
the boy is running on the sidewalk .
two asian women are talking to each other .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man in a hat is cooking something .
a dog plays with a toy .
a group of people at a market .
a man cooking meat .
a man looks at a group of people .
a man is cooking .
a child painting .
a child is climbing a wall .
a boy picking up a rock .
a young boy is climbing a rock .
a person is painting a picture .
a little girl in a tree .
a little girl is hiding in a tree .
a little girl looking at the camera .
a girl is climbing up a tree .
a group of children are sitting at a desk and reading a book .
a man reading a book .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog taking pictures .
a girl does a swing .
a woman is sitting at a computer desk .
a student in a classroom .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman sitting on a laptop computer .
a man sitting in a chair .
a group of people in a classroom .
an elderly woman is holding a purse .
a group of children are playing in the street .
children swimming in a pool .
two people are walking down the street .
two girls posing for a picture .
a woman standing outside .
two little girls are smiling .
two boys in a boat .
two boys playing in the water .
a man and a woman sit in a rocky lake with a boat in the background .
two boys are on a lake .
two boys are rowing a boat .
a person swimming .
a woman looking out over a railing .
people riding bikes .
a group of people at a race .
a woman in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a woman looking at a building .
a group of people taking a photo .
a girl stands at the top of steps .
two people are watching a river .
a man is standing in the water .
a man is looking at his drink .
two children are drinking beer and drinking beer .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a father and his son are eating .
three people are sitting and drinking beer .
a man is kissing the water .
a couple sitting on a pier on a pier .
a couple kissing by a body of water .
a couple kissing .
a couple kissing on a bridge .
a boy is looking at a plate of food .
a man feeding a duck .
two girls hugging each other .
a mountain biker flies through the air .
three men standing on a dirt road .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man and woman are climbing a cliff .
a man and a woman are outside .
two people are standing in front of a mountain .
a horse in a rodeo .
a dog runs through the grass .
a jockey riding a horse .
a horse rides a horse .
two women posing for the camera .
a horse in a rodeo .
three people stand around a produce stand .
a puppy is biting a pole .
a woman is reading a book .
two men are working on a cement structure .
construction workers wearing helmets .
two men working on a train track .
men walking down the street .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman is sitting on the ground .
a woman is looking at something .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a man in a brown shirt is looking at something .
two dogs play in the grass .
three women in costumes hold up a card .
a choir singing in front of a building .
two women singing .
two dogs in the grass .
people singing .
people standing around a boat at night .
a group of people standing in a city .
a group of people standing near a body of water .
a group of people looking at boats .
a group of people are standing near boats .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a man in a blue shirt is kneeling down .
a person is doing a trick on a field .
a young girl is brushing her teeth while sitting on a sink .
a person snowboarding .
a snowboarder on a mountain .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a snowboarder is sitting on a snowboard .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a snowboarder is snowboarding .
the black and white dog is running .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running .
a group of young boys are sitting at a table .
two dogs running in the grass .
three teenagers walking down the street .
a man is standing on a rock .
people in a plaza .
a man working with his hands .
a man wearing a hat .
a construction worker climbing up a wooden staircase .
a brown dog is holding a stick in its mouth .
a man holding a young girl .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a young girl is selling goods .
a young girl is selling food .
a girl is walking down the street .
two young boys are selling food .
a girl selling food in a mall .
a woman standing on a table .
a construction worker working on a machine .
a young girl is working in the kitchen .
a gymnast jumps over a hurdle .
a woman doing gymnastics .
a woman doing gymnastics .
a group of girls doing gymnastics .
a woman vaulting over a hurdle .
a woman jumps over a hurdle .
a woman riding a horse on a horse .
a woman in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a dog running in the snow .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a girl playing in a fountain .
a little girl wearing a coat .
a child plays in a fountain while another child watches .
a girl in a white coat stands on a sidewalk .
a woman blowing bubbles next to a man .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a man jumps into a swimming pool .
two people sitting on a bench .
a person is diving over a pool of water .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming in a pool .
a man catching a football .
a boy attempts to hit a ball .
a man is walking down the street .
a snowy mountain with mountains in the background .
a person running .
a man stands in the snow .
a man is running in the snow .
a man is walking down the street .
a man running in the snow .
a man running down the street .
a skier runs across the snow .
a man holding a young boy .
a young boy in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
a little boy is brushing a woman 's hair .
a boy brushing his teeth .
a boy brushing his teeth .
a boy is holding a mop in his hand .
a little blond woman is brushing her teeth .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a young blond haired girl is holding a young boy .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a man performing a concert .
people eating food .
a bicyclist rides on a rail .
two people are looking at a piece of art .
a biker rides his bike through a town .
a young boy rides his bike .
a bicyclist doing a trick .
a brown and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
two boys looking at the camera .
two little boys are smiling .
two boys are looking at a goat .
a group of children standing together .
people are sitting on a boat fishing .
people fishing .
a group of men on a beach .
people fishing in the water .
a man in a white shirt is turning a fire .
two men dancing .
people walk by a street .
people dancing in a band .
a young girl in a white tank top is dancing .
a man on a motorcycle .
a biker rides a bike .
a man riding a motorcycle .
two people sitting on a subway platform .
two women are hugging each other .
two people are laughing .
people looking at something .
two people are looking at each other .
two people looking at each other .
two asian women are looking at each other .
two people waiting for a train .
two people are facing each other .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a woman is performing a routine .
an old man walking down the street .
a couple relaxing on a bench .
a couple walking down the street .
a man and a woman sit on rocks .
a man and a woman sit on a rock .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is putting on his face .
a man working on a wall .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
girls practicing martial arts .
two women holding hands .
two young girls playing volleyball .
two girls are running on the beach .
two volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball game .
a group of men cutting a cake .
a man on a motorcycle .
two dogs are fighting with each other .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are fighting .
a man is playing guitar .
a dog in a park .
a child is brushing his teeth .
a child wearing a mask sits at a dinner table .
a child is sitting at a restaurant table .
a child poses for a picture .
a boy wearing a mask .
two girls ride on a kite .
a man in a suit .
a black and white dog running on the ground .
a singer playing the drums .
a man playing an accordion .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing tennis .
two dogs running in the water .
an elderly woman looking at produce .
a woman is bending down .
people are shopping at an outdoor market .
a woman poses for a picture .
a girl in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman posing for a picture .
a skier wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman in a black dress poses for a photo .
a woman is taking a picture .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a person poses for a picture with a tattoo .
a dancer dancing .
people dressed up in costumes .
two dancers in blue shirts are performing .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two dancers performing a routine .
a man in a blue shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is watching a group of people .
a woman skiing down a hill .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a tractor drives through mud .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
four hikers hiking through the woods .
two dogs play in a pond .
a woman in a green coat is smiling at the camera .
a man in a white robe is praying .
a man in a white shirt is paddling a boat .
a man is doing a trick .
a woman is handing out food .
a young woman is giving a thumbs up sign .
a young child sitting on a bench .
a young woman stands next to an elderly woman .
an older woman is standing next to a young boy who is standing next to her .
a man on a beach .
a man in a green shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a guy kicking his leg .
a woman in a blue shirt cutting a cake .
a man in a black shirt is speaking to a crowd of people .
a man in a yellow shirt is working on the ground .
two people are sitting on a bench .
three men are working outside .
people eating .
three men are rowing a boat .
people standing outside a building .
a group of children are swimming .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
a group of children playing in the water .
children playing in the water .
children playing in the water .
children playing in the grass .
construction workers are working on train tracks .
construction workers are working .
two horses are riding horses .
two horses in the snow .
two horses are riding horses .
a woman is riding a horse .
two horses pulling a cart .
an old woman is riding a motorcycle .
two horses pulling a cart .
construction workers are working in a construction site .
a group of cheerleaders are competing in a race .
a woman playing a guitar .
a group of people are racing on the beach .
two swimmers competing in a competition .
two men in white shirts are fighting .
a group of people competing in a race .
men competing in competition .
two men in white shirts are holding hands .
a group of men are talking to each other .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a young woman and a young boy are at a conference .
a woman is watching a group of people .
a woman in front of a group of people .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people watch .
two young men are watching a woman in a blue shirt .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs after a ball .
construction workers on scaffolding .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a balcony with a sign on it .
a man holding a sign .
a man standing on a balcony .
a man wearing a hat .
a man taking a speech .
a man in a black shirt is taking a picture of a building .
a brown and white dog chases a ball in a field .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a black and white dog is kicking a yellow ball .
a dog runs towards a tennis ball .
two men are talking .
a man in a blue hat is holding a torch .
women competing in roller derby .
two women are rollerskating .
two women are rollerskating .
two girls rollerskating .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps up to catch a toy .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air with a pink object in its mouth .
two dogs are playing on a sunny day .
two people are climbing rocks .
two dogs running .
two dogs running on rocks .
two dogs running in the grass .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
two men are talking to each other .
a worker wearing a vest .
a man in a vest is standing on a bus .
a man is taking a picture of a bus .
the bus is full of people on the bus .
a band is waiting for a performance .
a group of students are playing instruments .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men looking at fish .
a brown dog is running through a field .
two people on a beach .
two boys are skating .
two women looking at a table .
three young boys playing basketball .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man in a leather jacket is working on the street .
a group of people at a festival .
a baby is playing with a baby .
a group of people having a good time .
adults are eating in a living room .
a woman is sitting down .
a woman sitting on a couch with her laptop .
people enjoying a meal .
a woman is using a laptop .
two women are playing on a beach .
two women dancing .
two young women riding on a beach .
women doing yoga .
people are looking at something on a table .
two women are holding a piece of paper .
a young boy in a blue shirt poses .
a young boy poses for a picture .
two men working on a project .
two women are writing .
a little boy is raising his hand .
two women are writing on a piece of paper .
the boy in the blue shirt is running .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a child is crying .
a little boy is running on a merry go round on a merry go round .
people hanging out in a town .
a child is crying .
a crowd watches as people watch .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman stands near trees .
an elderly woman with a messenger bag is walking down the street .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench with an umbrella .
a woman in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
an asian couple is preparing food at a meal .
a woman in a pink and white dress is riding a bike .
a woman looking off into the distance .
a woman stands in front of a hut .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
two dogs in water .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man is sitting on a piece of ice cream .
a man in a green shirt is playing a guitar .
two men working on a roof .
a dog walks in the snow .
a black dog is standing on a leash .
a dog stands in the snow .
the dog is standing in the snow .
a couple having a conversation .
a group of people are having fun .
a dog runs through the grass .
a family takes a picture at a party .
two men are walking down the street .
five people are sitting on a rock .
several men are sitting on benches .
a man working on a machine .
a person riding a bike .
a black man is sitting on a bench .
people looking at something .
a musician is playing the drums .
a cyclist doing tricks .
an artist sits in front of an art gallery .
a man painting a picture .
a man sitting on a bench .
the boy in the red shirt is riding the bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man on a bmx bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man is looking at a crowd of people .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man stands next to a man in a blue bucket .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man is playing his guitar .
two people are working on a train .
construction workers are working on a train .
people are wearing coats .
two people wearing orange coats .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
two people working on a train .
two people working on train tracks .
a man and woman getting married .
a man sitting on a fence .
a man is walking past a crowd of people .
two men working on a roof .
a group of people walking .
two men in a boat with two dogs .
a group of men standing around .
a group of people are rowing a boat .
three black and white dogs in a boat .
a group of people on the beach .
a boy is holding an umbrella .
a group of basketball players on a basketball court .
a group of men playing basketball .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
two men watch as a man in a blue shirt watches .
two women walking towards the door of an old building .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man with a hat and a hat .
a man and woman in a city .
people shop in a street .
two people walking .
a child poses in the snow .
a girl is riding a bike .
a group of people walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a toddler is playing with toys .
a girl doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a group of girls jumping over a trampoline .
two young children playing in a pool .
two people are looking at the lake .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in a lake .
a man performing on stage .
a group of hikers are hiking through the snow .
two men are playing guitars .
a band performs on stage .
two women are talking to each other .
a large body of water .
the water is water .
a boat flies through the water with a body of water .
a man is standing in the water .
a large body of water .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick in front of an amusement park .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man is waiting for something .
a band is performing in a band .
a roller coaster .
a man and woman sit next to each other .
a group of people playing monopoly .
a man sitting on a chair .
two people are planting plants .
two men playing the drums .
people are looking at something .
a man and a woman are walking away from the camera .
a group of people looking at a store .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people gathered outside .
a large crowd of people are standing outside .
a large group of people are walking in front of a large building .
a man in a yellow shirt is looking at something .
an older woman plays with a hula hoop .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man running in a race .
a person on a red carpet .
a young girl wearing red .
a young girl is sitting on a couch .
a runner is running in a race .
a runner is running up a hill .
a man with two puppies .
a man is working on a fire .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a train .
a man is walking two dogs .
a man in a black shirt is walking through a field .
a man is walking two dogs .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two people talking outside .
a man and a woman at a store .
a man and woman are having a conversation .
two men talking to each other .
two people are talking to each other .
two men talking to each other .
a man and a woman are talking .
a group of people standing on a balcony .
a group of men are speaking .
a man talking on a cellphone next to a fountain .
a man in a suit and a man in a suit on the phone .
two people standing outside .
two people talking on cellphones .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a man sits by a fountain .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is sitting on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a man talks to a man .
three people are playing in a fountain .
people are talking on cellphones .
people sitting around a fountain .
a group of people are talking on cellphones .
a group of people are standing outside .
firefighters work out of a fire .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a bride and groom kiss at a wedding party .
a person in a black shirt is walking down a street .
a man in a black shirt is singing .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a suit is looking at a computer screen .
a woman taking pictures .
a man is doing a handstand .
two people are walking down a street .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
a man walking away from another man .
a dj is listening to music .
a man is holding a microphone and holding a microphone .
a man holding a microphone .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is walking down the street .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a man in a leather jacket is sleeping .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a black jacket is sleeping on a bench .
a man in a black shirt sleeping .
a woman sits in front of a waterfall .
a woman is standing in front of a store .
a woman is looking at something .
a girl sitting on a ledge .
a girl sitting on a wall .
a group of people walking on a path .
cars race down the street .
a car is driving down the street .
a race car is racing .
a race car is driving .
people walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is attempting to jump into the air .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a woman stands in front of a mirror .
a little boy is climbing a statue .
a group of people working at a counter .
a dog runs through snow .
a brown dog runs in the snow .
a basketball player looks on .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
two people in a room .
a man is preparing meat .
a group of workers are preparing food .
two men perform in front of an audience .
an older man pointing .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are talking .
a group of dancers performing ballet .
two men are talking to each other .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing next to children .
a man hiking through snow .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a tennis player holds up a tennis racket .
a man kayaking through snow .
a man climbing up a snowy hill .
a man hiking in the snow .
a group of people are dancing .
two men in white jerseys , one wearing a black jersey and one in a black jersey and the other in a black jersey .
two teams playing soccer .
a guy jumping off a trampoline .
a group of people are jogging .
a child looking at the camera .
men in orange vests and hard hats are working .
a woman dancing in the water .
an elderly man with a cane is sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two men are looking at something .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man poses for a picture .
a man in a green jacket is reading a newspaper while another man looks on .
two men are swimming in a pool .
a family looking at an aquarium .
a man is sitting on a lawn .
a man reading a newspaper outside .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a man and a child are watching an aquarium .
a man and a child are looking at fish .
a group of people looking at an aquarium .
a child is sitting on a pillow .
a man with headphones and headphones .
two dogs are talking to each other .
two dogs are sitting in the grass .
two dogs are eating .
women are performing on stage .
two dogs are playing tug of war .
a man working on a project .
a person surfing in the ocean .
a girl in a pink shirt sitting in a chair .
two men are sitting at a picnic table .
a woman wearing a blue jacket and black pants .
a city street .
a kid playing hockey .
a young boy is kneeling on the ground .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a soccer game in front of a goal .
a man holds a young child while holding a young child .
a man and woman are shaking hands .
a child is holding a child .
two children are playing with chalk .
two children with face paint .
two children with face paint .
two children are sitting next to each other .
two children are sitting on the floor .
a street performer in a city street .
a goalie in front of a goal .
a boy in a red shirt is playing soccer .
a hockey player attempts to block the puck .
a female skater on a roller coaster .
people walking down the street .
two dogs running through the grass .
a group of people standing around a table .
people walking down the street .
a duck is walking on the beach .
a soccer player wearing a white and white uniform is running with a football in the background .
a small group of children walk in the snow .
a flock of birds in a lake .
a group of children are playing outside .
a duck is looking at the camera .
a group of children in front of a lake .
a woman walking down the street .
a dog and a boy are playing in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a little boy runs towards a duck on the street .
a boy runs towards a bird .
a boy is running towards a dog in the street .
a boy chases a duck .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog jumps off a porch .
a dog jumps off a porch .
a dog runs through the grass .
a runner is running .
a boy is rock climbing through a body of water .
a group of people standing around talking .
a car in front of a car .
a blue car is driving .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a security officer stands on display .
a woman is leaning against a car .
an old man sitting on a bench .
a man in a hard hat .
an old man sitting on a stool in a doorway .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
an elderly man is sleeping outside .
an elderly man is sleeping on a stool .
a woman selling goods .
a group of people are standing near a car .
people are leaving a car .
workers working on a car .
men working on a car .
a group of people looking at a car .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to another man in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to a man wearing a white and white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing the drums .
a man playing an accordion .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing golf .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man and woman walk past a gate .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is smiling .
a woman is getting her order to the camera .
a little girl is waiting for a bicycle on the back of a bicycle .
a person looking at the camera .
kids riding on a bike .
children ride a bicycle .
people walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a large pile of candy .
a man and woman at a fair .
two people sitting on a ledge next to candy .
a couple sitting next to candy .
a man and woman sitting next to a fence .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman with red hair is holding a red umbrella .
a woman in a forest .
a girl is sitting on a tree .
a little girl in a tree .
a woman stands in front of a tree .
a woman in a hat selling food .
a woman in a white apron is looking at something .
a young boy is standing in front of a counter .
a man working on a machine .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking out the window .
a woman in a black shirt with white flowers is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman sitting at a table with a sign on it .
a woman is standing at a table at a table .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a man is waiting to cross the street .
people hiking on a beach .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a guitar .
a lady is sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are eating .
a woman is lying on her shoulders .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two women talking to each other on the phone .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and woman wearing hats .
a dog is looking at something .
two girls wearing boots .
a woman and a dog are walking in the snow .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a group of people walking down the street .
a lady holding an umbrella .
a man and a woman are playing in the snow .
a woman is walking away from a group of people .
a woman is walking past a crowd of people .
people surfing on a wave .
people surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of surfers enjoy a wave .
a man carrying a flag in a parking lot .
two men are riding bikes .
a man in a wheelchair .
a young woman walking on a sidewalk .
a woman walking down the road .
a woman is crossing the street with her arms crossed .
a woman is walking two dogs .
a woman walking a dog .
a group of men talking to each other .
four construction workers are planting trees .
a group of people are working on a ladder .
four men are working on a project .
construction workers are working outside .
construction workers are working outside .
a large tree in the city .
a man holding a beer .
a man holding a little girl .
construction workers are working on a tree .
four men are walking down the street .
four construction workers are working on a construction site .
two workers work in the middle of a building .
four people working on a project .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are at night .
a police officer is talking on his cellphone .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a woman is opening a door .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman walking down a busy street .
a woman pushing a cart full of bags .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman walking through a plaza .
a woman is pulling a coffee cart .
an exhibit in a museum .
a dog catches a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a white dog is playing tennis .
a couple dancing .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog catches a frisbee in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a woman walking down the street with a coffee cup .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people walking around outside .
two women are walking down a busy street .
a priest is holding a microphone .
a dog jumps in the air .
a snowboarder jumping off a snowy slope .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a woman is laughing next to a young girl .
a man working on a machine .
a cook preparing food .
a man working on a roof .
a young boy holding a fan .
two motocross riders compete in the air .
two bicyclists riding on a trail .
two men riding bikes .
people are jumping in the air .
a woman drinks from a drink .
two dogs are playing in the sand .
a group of soldiers are jumping over a fence .
a woman wearing a black dress .
three people on a swing .
a man in a white shirt is dancing .
children playing in the grass .
three children are looking at something .
a woman is holding a cup .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman is pushing a baby stroller .
a mother and son are kissing .
a woman is waiting for her shoes .
a man in a blue shirt holding a piece of metal .
a police officer talks to a police officer .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people getting ready to throw something .
a man walking down the street .
a man is working on a roof .
a woman taking a picture .
a man is sitting on a ledge watching a kite .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
a bike rider jumping over a ramp .
a person walking down the street .
a child doing tricks on a bike .
a biker doing a jump in the air .
two women are painting .
a person is painting a picture .
a woman painting .
a woman is painting a large wall .
a person is standing near a river .
a large building in the river .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man is looking at a building .
two women in dresses are walking down the street .
a man in a white outfit is doing a handstand .
two women walking down the street .
a man in a leather jacket is walking .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man wearing a scarf .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a kid watching a baseball game .
a child running .
a boy is running .
a group of people are on the beach .
a boy is playing in a pool .
two teams are playing soccer on a field .
people playing soccer .
a man playing guitar .
three men are working on scaffolding .
a man playing the drums .
a man jumping in the air .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man is jumping off the ground .
a man jumping in the air .
a man in a jersey playing basketball .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing a drum .
a man in a red shirt is playing a drum .
a man playing a red guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
three people standing near a river .
a man leans on a door .
a man sleeping in a chair .
two men having a drink .
many people are walking through the street .
a busy city street .
people walking in the city .
two men drinking beer .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
construction workers digging dirt .
a man is standing in the snow .
two children are smiling .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is working on a computer .
a man painting a picture .
a man sitting on a bench .
a bearded man with a beard and a mustache is using a chainsaw .
a man is carving something .
a man using a piece of metal .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing up a bridge .
a boy is standing in a tree .
two children talking to each other .
a man riding a bike .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a young boy in a yellow shirt is looking away from a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is looking at something .
a small child is looking at a small child .
a man watches a child on a swing .
a man watches a child on a swing .
a man is looking at a small child in the background .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are sitting on a trail .
two people are standing outside .
two people are walking down a street .
people hiking on a trail .
two young adults are playing outside .
a young girl is walking down the street .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a woman standing on the curb .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a man riding a bicycle .
an asian woman is waiting to cross the street .
a man is riding a boat .
two men skiing on a jet ski .
a man in a black vest dancing .
a woman playing tennis while others watch .
a tennis player in a blue shirt is about to hit the ball .
a group of people in front of an audience .
people watching a tennis match .
a crowd watching a tennis match .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of young people are jumping into a swimming pool .
a woman is watching a martial arts class .
a boy is climbing on a rock .
a little boy is rock climbing .
a group of men playing basketball .
a group of young people playing basketball .
two teams are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is riding a bike .
a man working on a machine .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman in a restaurant .
a man holding a shopping bag .
a child in a blue shirt is crying .
a child stands in front of his face .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man is sitting at a table .
a child carrying a balloon balloon .
two people are sitting at a table .
a group of men are cheering .
a group of people are fencing .
people are fencing .
two athletes competing in a competition .
a man and a woman are fighting .
two people fighting .
a little boy brushing his teeth in a bathroom .
a woman shopping at a market .
a woman is looking at food .
a woman selling goods .
a woman buying groceries .
a woman is buying groceries .
a person is sitting in a public place .
a woman is throwing a water bottle .
a girl jumps over a trampoline .
a woman is standing next to a woman .
a person snowboarding down a snowy mountain .
a man snowboarding .
a group of people sitting in chairs .
a group of people are sitting in chairs .
people sitting in the sun .
a woman dancing .
a girl wearing a black dress .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a black shirt .
a woman walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a person on the street .
a woman in a black dress is walking .
a woman hula hooping on a stage .
a man leaning against a wall .
a puppy runs through the grass .
people in a boat .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog plays with bubbles .
two girls are laughing .
a group of people are standing around .
a man drives a boat .
a man in a red shirt is working on a cellphone .
a group of men standing in front of flags .
a group of men are standing together .
a woman in a blue shirt is jogging .
two people smiling .
two men are rowing a boat .
a group of people on a boat .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
two men are rowing a boat .
a bride in a blue dress is smiling .
two young girls are eating .
two men are talking to each other .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of women are smiling .
two women eating in a mall .
a man riding a horse .
two men are riding horses .
a group of people riding horses .
a group of men are on horses .
two men riding horses .
a group of men in costume .
a group of children playing soccer .
a man in a helmet riding a motorcycle .
people riding on a carnival ride .
people at a carnival .
kids riding on a ride .
a man is sitting on a horse .
a doctor performing a surgery .
a doctor looks at a screen screen .
a person working in a hot sun .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a doctor is looking at a patient .
two boys are riding a bike .
a man and a woman are riding on a bike .
two boys riding down the street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
three men are laughing on a floor .
two boys playing soccer .
an older man in a green t shirt and blue shorts is playing with a soccer ball .
football players playing football .
four children are playing on the beach .
a person is walking down the street .
a soldier is in the air .
a group of firefighters stand on a plane .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a group of men are standing in a military ceremony .
a group of children hold hands .
a boy looking at a rock .
a group of people playing a game .
a man and woman are talking to a speaker .
a man is cooking on a grill .
two girls are sliding down a slide .
two children slide down a slide .
a group of people on a float .
children float down a slide .
children at a amusement park ride .
two children are playing with a string .
two children are sledding on a sled .
a group of people eating .
a woman stands at a street corner .
a man is preparing food .
a woman dressed in a costume is dancing .
a group of young people jumping in the air .
a group of people playing tennis on a court .
a group of people are having fun .
a person is jumping over a ramp .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a man skateboarding .
a guy skateboarding .
a man does a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a snowboarder flies over a ramp .
people enjoying the beach .
a person is walking down a street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog running in the grass .
a group of people are dancing .
a person wearing jeans and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of bicyclists riding on the street .
a man in a white shirt is making some plants .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is working on the lawn .
a man is shoveling snow .
a worker working on a machine .
a man is working on a machine .
a worker in a hard hat works on a machine .
two construction workers are working on a project .
a man cutting a piece of wood .
a man is laying on a lawn .
a man wearing a hard hat is cutting a hole .
a construction worker working on the ground .
a man is walking down the street .
people enjoying the beach .
people enjoying a picnic outside .
a young couple dances in front of a crowd of people .
people watching the ocean .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are gathered together .
dancers performing on stage .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on grass .
a group of people are standing in the grass .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs play in a dog show .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of people are having a conversation .
a young man is doing a flip .
a man is playing pool .
a group of men playing pool .
a young boy is playing in a pool .
a man is watching a group of people .
a young boy in a swimming pool .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man playing pool .
a man playing pool .
a boy on a skateboard .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
two dogs play in the water .
a group of children sitting on a rock .
a man is sitting on the ground .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman is talking to a man .
an elderly asian woman wearing a red long sleeved shirt .
an elderly woman standing next to a man holding a microphone .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man wearing a suit .
two people are talking .
a woman is talking to a man with a cane .
two people are talking .
a man with a cane .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat riding a bucking bull .
a woman in a blue shirt is smiling .
a woman is holding a stuffed animal .
a small child is sitting at a carnival .
a woman stands next to a stuffed animal .
a woman in a black and white striped shirt is smiling .
a girl is reading a book .
a group of men in a room .
a group of people are writing together .
three men are sitting on the floor in front of a green wall reading a book .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a child is reading a book .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a plaid shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man with gray hair is sitting on a bench .
an older man walking down the street .
a man standing in front of a restaurant .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person is riding a red surfboard .
a man in a swimming pool .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a person swimming in the water .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
an old man with a tray of food .
four people in a parade .
a young girl is putting yarn on the floor .
a man on a hill looking out over a town .
people on a bus .
three men doing a routine .
two women looking at each other .
a woman wearing a hat .
a young woman working on a loom .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of people talking .
an elderly woman is selling her shoe .
two men sit on a bench in front of a crowd of people .
a woman laying down on a rug .
a street vendor is on the street .
four women in formal attire are dancing .
four women are standing in a circle .
a group of people working on a train .
four people dressed in costumes .
a man working at a construction site .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of women wearing dark clothes .
a man and woman serving food .
a person is holding a surfboard .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two teams are playing soccer .
a person rides a wave .
a person is jumping in the water .
a boat in the ocean .
two teams playing soccer .
a person wearing glasses is looking at something .
a man in a laundry room .
a man is sitting in a bathroom .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is standing in a bathroom .
a man is sitting at a bathroom .
a man in a bathroom .
a man is standing in a building .
a man poses for a picture .
people running down a road .
a man in a wheelchair waits for a customer .
a man in a bathroom .
people sitting in a park .
a band plays on stage .
a band plays on stage .
a band plays in a band .
a group of men playing basketball .
two hockey players are jumping in the air .
a group of people on ice .
there is a hockey game in a hockey game .
a hockey game is being played .
a man is walking down a street .
three men are looking at something on the ground .
people are looking at their cellphones .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a dog walks in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black dog carries a white dog through the grass .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a dog carries a toy in its mouth .
a black dog standing in the grass with a stick in its mouth .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a brown and white dog is running through a field .
a dog runs through a grassy field .
a dog carries something in its mouth .
a man walking down a busy street .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog plays in the sand .
a brown dog is running .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman walking on the street .
a young girl drawing a picture .
a woman is applying makeup in her hair .
people are waiting to cross the street .
an elderly woman is serving food .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a young woman getting her haircut .
a young woman getting a haircut .
a woman getting her haircut .
a young woman getting her haircut .
a group of people are standing together .
an older man is selling his bread .
a girl is getting her haircut .
a woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a woman is holding a pot in a pot .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a man jumping off a ramp .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a teenage boy doing a skateboard trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man getting a haircut .
two men standing in the rain .
a dog retrieving a stick .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog is playing in the water .
two people playing a game .
a brown dog leaps into the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people playing outside .
a group of people playing soccer .
a dog chases a stick .
a man in a hat stands behind a wall .
a person is wearing a helmet .
a man and woman dancing .
a group of people are standing together .
a man singing into a microphone .
two people dancing on a stage .
two dancers performing on stage .
a young girl dances with a woman dressed in costumes .
a man and woman dancing .
a small child in a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man and woman dancing .
a group of boys standing next to a man .
a black and white dog walks through the grass .
two women working on a loom .
three men are walking down the street .
three people are playing with a dog .
people walking down a city street .
a child is holding a bag .
a little girl is holding a bottle of water .
a little girl is eating .
a child sitting on a park bench .
a man is shoveling snow .
a young man surfing a wave .
people are walking down the street .
a woman is reading a book .
a person walking down the street .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman reading a book .
a woman reading a magazine .
a skateboarder jumps off a diving board in front of a crowd of people .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman wearing black .
a woman walking down the street .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman walks by a fence .
a person walking on the street .
a woman holding a child .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is playing the saxophone .
a man is standing on rocks .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man holding a saxophone .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man running on a track .
a little girl is kneeling down .
a woman carrying a camera .
two men are looking at a drill .
a blond woman is holding something .
a child is reaching .
two men talking to each other .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people are dancing .
people are walking down a street .
a girl looking out at the water .
a group of girls dancing .
a man and a woman are walking past a large window .
a man is playing tennis .
two elderly people walking down a street .
two women pose in front of a car .
a man is eating .
two men are eating food .
two men are loading items .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man standing at a podium .
a man is talking .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a little girl kisses a young girl .
a man speaking at a podium .
two children playing in the water .
a group of children are playing in a fountain .
a group of children enjoying a fountain .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
a group of people are walking through a fountain .
two dogs run with a ball .
two people are sitting on a rock .
a group of people are playing with bubbles .
a group of young men playing soccer .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
two women are standing in the snow .
a motorcyclist in the desert .
two men are talking to each other .
a little girl wearing a blue shirt .
a man is painting a picture on a roof .
a woman is painting a painting of a building .
two men in a kitchen .
two men are looking at something .
a construction worker stands in front of a construction site .
a homeless man is walking down the street .
a man is taking a break .
a man standing outside a building .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man standing next to a firetruck .
two men are talking to each other .
people are having a conversation .
two men are sleeping on the side of a mountain .
a man is kissing a little girl .
a group of people are sitting on motorcycles .
people walking down a street .
a group of cyclists racing in a race .
people are walking down a street .
people racing in a field .
three people are having a conversation .
a group of people are taking a break .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are shoveling snow .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman is standing next to another woman .
a man is dancing .
a man and woman dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a young man and woman are playing volleyball .
people dancing at an event .
two dogs playing together .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is walking down the street .
a musician performs on his guitar .
a man playing guitar on a street corner .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman stands near a plant .
a man playing the drums .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt plays a saxophone .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
a man smiling .
two men performing on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band is playing music in a band .
a man in a black shirt plays a guitar .
a man and a woman are swimming in
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman protesting with a gas mask .
a dog runs through the grass .
a soccer player prepares to kick a ball .
customers shopping at a market .
a person rock climbing .
a couple walking on the beach .
a tractor on the beach .
a group of people on a beach in front of buildings .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in a chair .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a snowboarder is sitting on the snow .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a person sitting on a bench .
a snowboarder is snowboarding .
a raft in the water .
a young child brushing his teeth .
a person is sitting on a snowboard .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
skiers on a mountain .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man is standing on rocks .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy sits on a boat .
a boy is fishing off a pier .
a group of people are standing outside .
a person climbing up a mountain .
a group of people are dancing .
a woman is watching a man .
a woman walking down the street .
two soccer players compete in the air .
a boy is shooting a ball .
men playing basketball .
a black and white dog in a yard .
two teams are playing soccer .
a soccer game is being played .
two girls playing soccer .
a group of girls in white shirts are playing basketball .
two girls playing soccer .
a little girl in a blue shirt is walking .
kids playing soccer .
two girls are playing soccer .
a person is shoveling snow .
a family is walking in the desert .
people are standing outside .
a mother and her children are laughing .
a family is standing in the sun .
a woman hula hooping .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of teenagers having a drink .
a boy is climbing a rock wall .
a woman walking down the street .
a young boy is holding onto a bar .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a boy climbing a rock .
a boy plays in the yard .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a child climbing a rock .
a child climbing a ladder .
a child is making a funny face .
a child is standing on top of a ladder .
a child in a red shirt and blue jeans rides a skateboard .
a girl in a bathing suit laughs .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike on a road .
a person riding a bike .
a cyclist rides a bike in a race .
army people dressed in military gear .
a man is looking at a dog .
a man in a uniform is looking at a dog .
a man in a black shirt with a dog in its mouth .
a man is looking at his dog .
a man and a dog look at something .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man is working with a dog .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a military uniform .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are watching a man in a red shirt .
a man in a military uniform is holding a dog .
a man standing in front of a market .
a child is reading a book .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
two dogs jumping in the air .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man riding a bicycle .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman in a white shirt is carrying a large stick .
a man in a suit walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a young girl is climbing a rock with her arms outstretched .
people walking in the city .
a girl is sitting in a bed .
a black and white dog is standing at a podium .
a man is standing on the beach .
a man shaving his face .
a man is working on a fence .
a man is using a piece of wood .
a man is working on a fence .
a man is working on a computer .
a man is cutting wood .
a black and white dog is standing in a field .
a woman in a city .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
women crossing the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a painting of an art gallery .
two people standing in front of a wall .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a man and woman standing in front of an art mural .
a man in a red shirt is holding a digital camera .
two people are looking at artwork on the street .
a woman looking at a painting .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a woman in a black dress is walking .
people running in a marathon .
a group of people in a race .
a man in a white shirt is talking .
people getting ready to cross the street .
a man is giving a presentation .
a large group of people in a church .
a child plays in the water .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are standing in a room .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people in a room .
two people are standing next to a body of water .
a man taking a dive .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of men on a pier .
a man diving into a pool .
a man is taking a picture .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
two dogs running on the grass .
a group of men are practicing martial arts .
two men pose for a picture .
a group of men wearing martial arts uniforms .
a group of people holding hands .
a woman playing with a dog .
a man is using a tree .
two men are talking at a table .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people on a boat .
a man taking a picture .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a man on a boat holding a fishing pole .
a black dog is standing next to a tree .
two children playing on a swing set .
five children are standing near a fountain .
people walking down the street .
two children are playing outside .
children playing outside .
children playing in a park .
a child is swinging on a swing set .
a man standing on the sidewalk .
a girl wearing a black leather jacket .
a group of children in white shirts and hats are standing in front of a crowd .
two dogs wrestle together .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black and white dog is walking with two dogs .
a young boy skating .
a man is looking at art .
children are eating food .
four children are playing outside .
a painting of an art gallery .
a group of people are walking along a walkway with many advertisements in the background .
people walking down the street .
a group of people walking down a hallway .
people walking along a walkway .
a group of people are standing in a hallway .
a man looking at something .
a man is working on a building .
a woman playing a guitar .
a construction worker working .
a boy rides a skateboard .
two construction workers are working on a project .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog running in a fenced yard .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
an older man in a blue shirt is cooking .
a woman in a red dress is playing the bagpipes .
a brown dog running on the grass .
a man in a hard hat on a ladder .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a skier on a ski slope .
two dogs are fighting each other .
people waiting for the subway .
a man riding a snowboard .
a person on the snow .
a snowboarder in a blue shirt jumping .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a group of bicyclists are riding past spectators .
two people walking down the street .
two people carrying bags .
two women walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man and woman carrying luggage .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a young man wearing a helmet is riding his bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man doing a trick on a bike .
a boy in a helmet jumps a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt is using a vacuum cleaner .
a group of people on a sunny day .
a man is standing next to a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man with no shirt on .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a race car drives quickly .
a man on a sidewalk .
construction workers are talking on their cellphones .
a man is standing on the edge of a rocky mountain .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is carrying a pot .
five men are standing around a table .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man reading a book .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
two people are having a conversation .
a girl stands next to a sprinkler .
three men are working on a bike .
three men work on a bicycle .
a child in a bathing suit plays in the water .
a young girl in a bathing suit plays in the water .
a boy is working on a project .
a photographer takes a picture .
a little boy is working on a project .
a boy playing in a sprinkler .
a little boy plays in a sprinkler .
a child is playing in the snow .
a boy is dancing .
a boy is dancing .
a man is preparing food on a grill .
a man is sitting at a table .
a band performs on stage .
a man on a piece of metal .
two men are having a conversation .
a person running in the water .
two men are sitting next to each other .
a woman in a costume .
a man is looking at something .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a group of people are looking through a magazine .
two men in red shirts are sitting on chairs in front of a trailer that is parked behind him .
a woman in a red shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue and blue ball .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are playing in a
a boy is standing at a fire .
a woman is walking down a street .
a person is making a bubble .
a girl is holding a piece of paper .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men standing outside .
people in a hot air balloon .
four men are working on a hot air balloon .
a group of people gathered around a hot air balloon .
two people are standing outside .
a group of people at the beach .
people walking on the sidewalk .
kids play in the water .
a woman is holding her hand .
a group of people walking .
people walking down a city street .
people walking in a city .
children playing in the water .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is holding a black purse while holding a black purse .
people crossing a busy street .
a woman walking down the street .
a child is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a girl reading a book .
a crowd watching a soccer game .
a group of people are watching a video game .
a group of people are watching something .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
people watching the london olympics .
a woman in a robe is reading a book .
a crowd of people watching a crowd of people .
a woman reading a book in public .
girls dancing on a stage .
two young boys read books .
a woman is reading a book .
two men are standing in the middle of an airport .
two people walking down a street .
two men drinking beer .
two men are drinking beer .
two men are holding beers .
two men drinking beer .
two men drinking beer .
two men are drinking beer .
two men are looking at each other .
two adults are sitting on a bench .
three children standing on a city street .
people having drinks .
three children are playing outside .
a boy climbing a rock .
people walking down the street .
a little girl in a white shirt is looking over a book while another child looks on .
five people are looking at something .
a person performing a trick .
a little girl playing in the sand .
a black and white dog is running on the back of a dirt path .
a street vendor selling food .
a classroom in a classroom .
a man in a black shirt is jumping through a waterfall .
a person is sitting on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a sport .
a person jumping into the air .
a person jumping off the ground .
a person is jumping .
a person in a black shirt is jumping into a body of water .
a person jumping in the air .
a man jumping into the air .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a person walking down the street .
a football game with a football player in the background .
a hockey game is being played .
two teams playing soccer .
a group of people playing instruments .
two dogs in the snow .
two men are playing basketball .
people riding in a truck .
people are standing in front of a truck .
people are watching a truck .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
three men are smoking a cigarette .
two women are enjoying an ice skating skating rink .
a group of people competing in a competition .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a woman ice skating .
girls dancing .
two women are ice skating .
a woman poses with a painting .
a dog carries a stick in the snow .
a black dog carries a large stick .
a dog with a branch in its mouth .
a dog carries an object in its mouth .
a black and white dog is walking through the snow .
a man cooking .
a man in a police uniform is standing outside of a store .
a little girl playing in the grass .
a girl in a pink sweater is playing with a hula hoop .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl with a pink yo yo .
a girl in a blue sweater is sitting in a chair .
a little girl playing with her toy .
a security guard holding a puppet .
a man holding a camera .
a man holding a puppet .
a man is holding a puppet in his hand .
a security officer holding a plate of food .
a man wearing a uniform .
a young child plays with a toy .
a man is holding a hammer .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of girls talking to each other .
a group of girls talking on cellphones .
three girls talking on cellphones .
two girls talk on a cellphone .
three young girls having fun .
a girl is reading a cellphone .
two men talking to each other .
three people are sitting and talking to a young girl with a cellphone .
two men are talking .
a man takes a picture of another man while another man watches .
a young boy is pointing at the camera .
a girl swings on a log swing .
two women are sitting on steps .
a dog swims in the water .
a security crew gives a presentation .
a man on top of a white horse .
a man is performing a concert .
a man is jumping in a field of grass .
two girls sit on a bench .
two boys talking to each other .
a man is talking to a woman .
a group of people hanging out in the air .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a girl doing a handstand .
a woman doing a handstand .
a young girl is performing a handstand .
a woman doing a handstand .
a girl is balancing on her head .
a girl on a balance beam .
a girl performs a handstand on a balance beam .
a girl on a balance beam .
a girl doing a handstand .
a girl doing gymnastics .
a young girl is performing a handstand on the street .
a girl doing gymnastics .
a young girl in a blue and white leotard is doing gymnastics on a balance beam on a balance beam .
a girl jumping on the beach .
a dog swims in the water .
people enjoying an amusement park ride .
a young boy in a red shirt is holding a flag .
a child in a red and white striped shirt .
a young man is standing outside .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a group of people at night .
a person riding a bike down a city street .
a person riding a bike down a city street .
a person riding a bicycle down the street .
a person riding a bike at night .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a man in a green shirt is holding a basketball .
a man is sitting on a horse .
a girl on a beach .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a group of children playing outside .
a boy is sitting in a crowd .
a boy in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a child is standing in a crowd .
a boy in a crowd watches .
a boy is looking at the camera .
a young boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
three children jump for a picture .
two little girls pose for a picture .
three children are jumping in the air with their arms .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two children posing for a picture .
a group of children posing for a picture .
a young boy looking at something .
four children jump on a trampoline .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is standing outside a building .
a man carrying a paper bag walks down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man holding a bag .
an old man walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
people are sitting around a table .
a woman is standing next to a group of people .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a dog swims in the water .
children at the beach .
a group of people are splashing in water .
two boys splash in the ocean .
two boys in a large body of water .
a group of children are playing outside .
children playing in the water .
two boys playing outside .
a woman is playing on the beach .
two children are sleeping on a bench .
two young boys are smiling .
two children are sleeping on the side of the road on the road .
a child wearing goggles and goggles .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a boy and a boy are looking at something .
a little boy in a blue shirt is swimming .
a boy in a blue shirt and shorts is running .
two dogs are playing with a ball .
a group of children are standing in front of a car .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two men are working on a project .
a woman in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt are looking at horses .
a group of girls playing outside .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of children are walking on a dirt path next to a dirt path .
a woman and a woman are riding horses .
a man stands next to a bus stop .
a man playing a sport .
a man holding a sign .
a black and white dog is racing .
two dogs running through water .
a group of people are standing on a fire .
a toddler plays with a toy .
people walking down a street .
a girl holding a camera .
a girl is standing in front of a picture of a camera .
a little boy in a brown shirt is playing a guitar .
a man reading a newspaper on a bench .
a woman is standing in the rain .
a woman is holding leaves .
a woman stands in front of plants .
a woman is holding a bag .
a woman is standing in the snow .
a woman is standing outside .
a woman holding a plant .
a woman standing next to a bush .
a woman in a colorful outfit is holding leaves .
a young woman standing outside .
a woman stands in front of a group of people .
a woman is holding leaves .
a young woman is doing a handstand .
people eating lunch .
a man taking a picture .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
people running in a field .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs are running around .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running .
two men are standing outside .
people walking into a building .
two men working in a factory .
two people wearing black jackets .
a man is holding a sign .
two men are jumping into a building .
two puppies wrestle on the green grass .
a girl is smoking a cigarette .
an older woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a store with a shopping bag .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a man is reading a paper .
two girls playing outside .
two women hula hoops .
two girls hula hoops .
two girls playing chess .
two girls playing with hula hoops .
two girls hula hoops .
a girl with a gray dress .
two girls playing hula hoops .
a group of people in a raft .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a building .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs fighting with each other .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are playing in the grass in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two women are putting candles on a cake .
two dogs play with a toy .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are fighting in the grass .
two dogs fighting .
two people on ice skates .
people are looking at a birthday cake .
students doing art in an art class .
a man is playing with a little girl .
a student working on an art project .
a boy is painting a wall .
two women riding a cart on the street .
a band plays on stage .
a man working on a sculpture .
a man is pulling a car .
people selling food in an empty parking lot .
a man is bowling .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling .
a man is bowling .
a man in a green shirt and a green ball .
a man is standing on a leash .
a woman walking .
a man riding a horse .
a man throwing a hose in a stadium .
a man riding a horse .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to catch a bull .
a man trying to catch a horse .
a man is walking with a rope .
a man in a black jacket pulling a horse .
two children are playing outside .
a brown and white dog in a field .
people rowing a boat .
people are standing in the water .
a group of people on the beach .
a man and a woman are paddling through a river .
a man is driving a boat in a boat .
people on a train .
a man is getting married .
a group of boys on a basketball court .
a boy painting a picture .
a man playing with a dog .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a dog catches a rifle .
a cowboy riding a bull in a ring .
a man riding a bull .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a large horse in a park .
a person wearing a white hat and a hat .
a man in a blue shirt is working .
a person is leaning on something .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a baseball cap leans against a post leaning against a post .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
a man sitting on a horse .
a man is riding a horse .
a man with a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a man is jumping over a hurdle .
a man is riding a horse .
a bride walking down a path .
a group of dancers performing on stage .
a bride and groom pose for a photo .
a group of people waiting for food .
a group of people are walking through the rain .
a man is working outside a store .
people waiting to cross the street in the rain .
a young girl playing in a playground .
four people dancing on a stage .
a black and white dog swimming in a pool .
a man is putting something in his mouth .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two children stand near a fountain .
two children standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is talking .
a person in a black shirt and helmet is riding a bike .
a cyclist in a red and white uniform is riding a bike .
two people laughing .
a woman painting a picture .
a young child is standing next to an apartment building , while a man and a woman stand next to him .
a woman is cooking .
a woman painting a picture .
a woman is cooking .
a baseball player prepares to hit the ball .
a man taking a picture of a statue .
people eating food .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a young boy is using a telescope .
a man giving a presentation .
a group of people waving flags .
a biker on the side of the road on the side of the road .
a small child is looking out of a body of water .
a dog catches a frisbee .
two people are smiling and laughing .
a person in a blue bathing suit slides down a slide .
a dog playing with a toy .
a skier wearing a backpack is skiing down the side of a hill .
a baby sleeping .
a man in a snow covered forest .
a man skiing .
a person is walking down the street .
a person is holding a yellow backpack .
a skier is skiing .
a person taking a picture .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a man skiing .
two dogs are trying to bite each other .
two dogs play in the water .
a dog is playing in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
a person on a rope .
people swimming in a pool .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
a woman carrying bags carrying bags .
a little girl carrying shopping bags .
a young woman carrying shopping bags .
a woman walking out of a store .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is carrying a yellow bag with a yellow bag .
a little boy wearing a green t shirt is standing in front of a chinese hut .
a group of people looking at something .
a father helps his son how to fix their equipment .
a man and a young boy are playing video games .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone while holding a microphone .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone while holding a microphone .
a woman is eating .
a man and a child are playing with computers .
a woman holding a cellphone .
people walking down a street .
a woman in a black dress is standing on the sidewalk looking at her cellphone .
a woman is looking at a mirror .
a person is holding a mirror .
a woman with sunglasses on her face with a tattoo on her face is holding a mirror and holding a mirror .
a woman is looking at herself .
a man in a blue shirt with a mohawk .
a woman standing outside listening to music .
a woman stands in front of a podium .
a man selling drinks .
a man pushing a bicycle .
a child is taking a picture of a small child .
a man is walking down a street .
children playing volleyball .
a dog runs in the rain .
a man is taking a picture .
a woman is playing volleyball .
two girls volleyball court .
a little girl and a young girl are walking across the street .
a little girl and a young girl are crossing the street .
a little girl and a girl are outside .
two women wearing brightly colored clothes .
a woman and a girl wearing colorful costumes .
a young man is looking out the window .
a snowboarder doing a jump .
a snowboarder doing a jump in the air .
snowboarder in midair in midair .
a snowboarder doing a jump on a snowboard .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
three people standing near a cliff .
people walking down a street .
two women in traditional garb are dancing .
three men are standing outside .
people riding a boat .
two men are riding a boat .
a man with a white beard and a white beard is carrying food .
a man with a long beard is sitting on a bench .
a man is eating food .
a man with long hair plays a guitar .
a man holding a box .
a man with a beard is holding a glass box .
a man with a beard .
a man is holding an object .
a bearded man is eating food .
a man taking a picture in an art gallery .
an asian man poses for a picture .
a man holding a camera .
a person taking a picture .
a man taking a painting .
a boy is eating a meal at a table .
a family eating .
two people are on a mat .
a man in a tree .
a child doing a flip .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man in a cowboy hat riding a horse in a rodeo .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
people pose for a picture .
a skateboarder is holding a skateboard .
people are standing in front of palm trees .
a man stands in front of a chinese market .
two men working on a project .
a woman holding a box and holding a box .
people walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a person walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy hitting a soccer ball .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
a couple walking .
a child playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is working on a wall .
a person is climbing a brick wall .
a man working on a machine .
a man laying on cement steps .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a wall .
a man working on a project .
a man is working on concrete .
a man is working on a scaffold .
a man is working on concrete .
a man working on concrete .
a man is smiling .
a man is working on a building .
people riding motorcycles .
a young man on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a construction site .
the water is wet .
a woman painting a picture .
a woman in a pink shirt is painting a little girl .
a man wearing a hat .
a woman painting a child 's face .
a child slides down a slide .
a child in a blue shirt playing .
a child laying on the ground .
two men are talking to each other .
a man relaxing on a bench .
a young boy is playing on a slide .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
people are swimming in the water .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a motocross rider rides a bike .
a crew working on railroad tracks .
a boy is chasing a soccer ball .
a child sleeping in a stroller .
a man and a woman climb a mountain .
there are buildings in the background .
people walking down the street .
two women pose for a picture .
a man and girl swimming in green water .
people listening to music .
a man playing tennis .
a man in a red shirt playing the drums .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing drums .
a girl is jumping in the snow .
a child is sledding through the snow .
a child on a sled .
a child sliding down a hill .
a man is sleeping at work .
a man is working on a patient .
a man in a lab coat is looking at something in a laboratory .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a doctor looking at something .
a security officer is serving customers .
a waitress is talking to a customer .
a butcher is preparing food .
a chef is looking at customers .
a photographer takes a picture .
a man in a shopping cart in a shopping cart .
a man in a red shirt and black pants .
a man wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a man is pushing a shopping cart .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a woman in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a boy in a yellow shirt rides a scooter .
a grocery store in a store .
a grocery store in a grocery store .
a woman in a store .
a grocery store in a grocery store .
a woman standing in front of a building .
a group of people walking down a street .
a boy wearing a helmet rides a bike .
a person is walking down the street .
a man riding a horse .
a man in a cowboy hat rides a bucking horse in a rodeo .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco in a rodeo .
a man riding a horse in a rodeo .
a group of people taking a break .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man with his mouth open .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man stands in the water .
a man in a swimming pool .
two women are working with their hands .
a couple walking up the street .
a person in a forest .
a man is cutting a tree in a field .
two young women are skating .
two women in a roller derby competition .
a man is cutting something .
a woman skating in a roller derby rink .
two women rollerskating on a bicycle .
a woman pouring a glass of beer .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a woman is pouring something .
a woman in a white shirt is making a funny face .
four people sit at a cafe .
a woman pouring drinks from a bottle .
construction workers are working .
a group of people are working in a building .
people in a hallway .
construction workers are laying on a tile floor .
a group of people are working in the hallway of a building .
several construction workers are working on a tunnel .
men in orange vests working in a hallway .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is sitting in a chair .
workers are working on a project .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants .
two women talking .
two women talking to each other .
two women talking to each other .
two women talking to each other .
a group of people talking .
a man poses for a picture .
a man works at a computer .
a little boy with a nose .
a kid playing hockey .
two men painting a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is using a telescope .
two women talking to each other .
a group of people playing basketball .
two girls are laughing .
a group of people are working at a park .
a boy in a red cap holds a doll .
a boy wearing a hat .
a little boy is eating food .
a little boy wearing a hat .
a boy holding a doll .
a boy wearing a hat and a hat .
a group of girls wearing dresses .
a man talking to a young girl .
a man and woman standing outside .
a man driving a vehicle .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a man poses for a picture .
a child doing a handstand on a bed .
a girl is sitting on a bed .
a young girl hangs upside down .
a man is sitting in a room .
a man is sleeping on a bed .
a man riding a bike .
a man in a bathing suit takes a picture .
a woman and a baby in a car .
a boy playing a game .
children running outside .
a woman riding a horse .
a team playing soccer .
people are standing in an airport .
a group of children are playing soccer on a field .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a jockey on a horse .
a person riding a horse .
a jockey jumps a hurdle .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing music on stage .
a band is playing music .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a young boy walking past an old building .
a band plays for a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is walking past a door .
a man is running past a building .
a man wearing a blue shirt and black pants .
a white bird in the water with rocks in the water .
two women talking to each other .
a group of people in a city .
two elderly women ride a bicycle with a man watching .
two elderly women in a city .
a man is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a man watching a man in a suit .
a dog runs through the grass .
a football player wearing a uniform .
a dog swims in a stream .
a cat looks at the camera .
people playing soccer in a stadium .
a man stands next to a car .
a man standing in a parking lot .
a group of children are playing in a river .
children playing in the water .
people swimming .
a man is holding his cellphone .
a man is walking down the street carrying a poster .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a young man holding a sign .
a man carries a large bowl of fish .
a boy looking through a hole .
three people are standing next to each other .
three boys are playing soccer .
a man and a woman sit on the side of a house .
a dog is sitting in the sand .
a man sitting on a bench .
a red car is driving on a track .
a woman driving a blue car .
a group of men are standing together .
a group of men are driving .
two men are working in a car .
a car is carrying a suitcase .
a group of people in a car .
a group of people are standing in a car .
a man and woman looking at each other .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a young woman is sweeping in a kitchen .
a woman cleaning something .
a man cleaning a building .
four men smiling at the camera .
a person cleaning snow .
a woman and a girl playing with a ball in a pool .
a man painting a picture .
a person painting an art gallery .
an artist painting a painting .
a man pulling a boat .
two children leaning against a wall .
a man working on a roof .
a man in a sweater plays with a child .
a man in a blue shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
two people are playing soccer .
a bearded man is walking away from a van .
a man working on a ladder .
a little girl is swimming in the water .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a person in a green shirt is standing in a grassy area .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a helmet is standing on a dirt bike .
a man is carrying a backpack .
a man wearing a helmet .
a biker riding a bike .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man riding a tractor .
a man riding a bike .
a man working on a boat .
a white dog is lying on the beach .
a man in a wetsuit is sitting on a boat .
a man stands next to a boat .
a man with no shirt on .
a man is fishing into a boat .
a man paddles a boat .
a man is standing on a boat .
a man stands next to a boat .
a dog with a log in its mouth .
a brown dog is petting a tree branch .
a dog stands in front of a tree .
a dog sniffs a tree branch .
a man on a bicycle .
a person is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking by a store .
there is a window of a store .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man walking along the sidewalk .
a person walking down the street .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two dogs running in the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
protesters gather in front of cameras .
a man wearing sunglasses .
a man and a woman are waiting outside .
a man with sunglasses on .
a woman wearing a red outfit .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman dressed in costumes are dancing .
a group of people on a bus .
people gather around an event .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a young girl is talking .
a crowd of people watching a parade .
people ride on a subway .
a crowd of people are standing next to a parade .
people posing for a picture .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people are sitting on a bus looking at the bus .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of women at a party .
a dog running at a dog show .
a woman carrying a tray of food .
people eating at a restaurant .
a woman is walking down the street .
a dog is holding a bird in its mouth .
a woman is talking in front of a truck .
a woman painting a picture .
a group of adults are sitting on the beach .
people walking down the street .
people walk across the street .
a group of people are marching down a street with people in the rain .
a couple walking down the street .
a man and woman are standing under an umbrella .
a woman is walking on a busy street with an umbrella .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a man riding a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
a man on a bmx bike .
a motorcyclist performing a wheelie .
a group of people standing on the sidewalk .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a boat in the water .
a dog with a bird in its mouth .
a man playing a guitar .
three men in life jackets are standing on a boat .
two men are having a conversation .
three men are looking out at the sky .
four men in a boat .
two men are throwing a rock .
two guys laughing .
two men are standing on the beach .
a group of people riding bikes in a vehicle .
a man is performing a trick in front of a crowd .
a skateboarder flies through the air .
two boys on a boat .
a group of people are posing for a parade .
a parade of people in a parade .
a group of people celebrating .
a group of people in a parade .
a woman sings into a microphone with a band behind her .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman is talking to a woman .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman performing a dance .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman singing into a microphone .
skiers at the top of a hill .
skiers standing in the snow .
people on a hill .
people skiing down a mountain .
skiers are standing in the snow .
a man sitting in a room .
a man reading a book at a table .
a man sitting at a table .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
two men are sitting on a bench looking at something .
men on a field .
a little boy is running towards a football player on a football field .
two women are playing volleyball on the beach .
young women playing on the beach .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
people are standing in the middle of a street .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a woman reading a newspaper .
a man is making a fire .
a man juggling fire .
a group of boys playing basketball .
a man juggling fire .
a man is blowing fire .
a young boy takes a picture .
a man throwing a ball .
a man is racing .
a child is standing on a slide .
a pitcher throwing a pitch .
a young boy in a park .
a young child on a slide .
two adults and two children .
a woman holding a baby .
a group of people are gathered together .
four people are sitting on a bench .
a woman holding a baby .
two boys riding skateboards .
a man standing in front of a building .
a person standing outside a building .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man is standing outside .
a man standing outside .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man in a red clown nose .
a man in a suit is talking to a man in a suit .
a man is talking in a city .
a man is standing outside .
two people on a busy street .
a man wearing a clown costume .
a man in a red clown costume .
two girls dancing .
a young man looking at meat .
a man is climbing up a snowy hill .
three young girls are performing in a gym .
a young boy playing tennis .
two girls in uniforms are holding sticks .
two women playing lacrosse .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking .
two men playing a game .
a group of people in a park .
a boy in a blue coat is playing baseball .
two men playing basketball .
a man looking through a telescope .
a man is working on a car .
a man is looking out into the distance .
a woman walking down the street .
a man and a woman are on a boat .
two people wearing life jackets .
two men playing basketball .
people shopping at a market .
two people in a boat .
a group of people are looking at a map .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a woman is taking a picture .
a mother and her children walk in the rain .
a group of people are posing on display .
a group of people are cooking .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
two women are cooking a meal .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a black dog runs through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
three men are standing in a park .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a black dog is running through the snow .
a person jumping on a beach .
a girl jumping in the air at the beach .
people riding on a scooter .
a woman sits on a beach overlooking the ocean .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a woman on a motorcycle .
two people riding a scooter .
two people on a scooter .
two people riding a moped .
children playing soccer .
a woman is standing in a house .
a toddler sliding down a slide .
two girls are playing with balls .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt is selling toys .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is selling toys .
a man in a black and black striped shirt is selling colorful toys .
a man in a hat is holding a gun .
a man in a blue shirt and khaki pants is making a funny face .
a man is holding something .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man selling food for customers .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a child is at an event at an event .
a man in a black shirt is standing on the edge of a cliff with a large waterfall behind him .
a man stands in front of a mountain .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man is climbing up a cliff .
a person in a black shirt is walking down the side of a cliff .
a couple posing for a picture .
children playing with balls .
a soccer player kicks a ball .
a woman holding a man 's hand .
two men are playing soccer .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a rock .
a group of people at a construction site .
a woman is playing the violin .
a child sliding down a slide .
people are playing instruments .
two women on a beach .
three men are standing on a stage .
a group of men sit on a tank table .
a person is taking a picture .
two people pose for a picture .
people in winter coats .
a couple looking at the camera .
two people wearing coats .
a man in a black coat looks at the camera .
two people dressed in black and white outfits are walking .
a man is singing into a microphone with his legs crossed .
people dressed in black .
two children shoveling snow .
people are walking down the street .
the bike is full of people .
a man in a white shirt and white pants is walking next to a black car .
two men repairing a bicycle .
two children are shoveling snow .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a person is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man in a green tank top is sitting on a couch .
two dogs fighting over a stick .
a woman in front of a class .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man with his hands on his head .
a man is jumping in the air .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt holding a pole .
a teenage girl jumps in a field .
people standing outside .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of young men are walking on the beach .
a group of people are playing with a model .
there are boats in the water .
a man in a boat in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping over a ramp .
a man on a raft .
a shirtless man is climbing a rock .
a man in a yellow shirt and yellow life vest is jumping in the air .
a man kayaking in a raft with people in the background .
a person kayaking in a river .
a boy climbing a tree .
a group of people are standing in the water .
people are playing musical instruments .
two women are sitting at a table .
two women playing instruments .
two older women playing musical instruments .
two women are playing guitar in front of a mirror .
an elderly woman playing an instrument .
a woman is playing a guitar .
people are playing instruments .
a group of women are standing in front of a glass window .
two women are playing instruments .
three people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
three people are playing instruments .
two women and a man wearing a red and red robe and red robes .
people wearing blue shirts .
two women dressed in red and red robes .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man working on a machine .
a group of people at the beach .
three people are posing on the beach .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people attending a wedding party .
an older man is talking on a cellphone .
two men standing outside .
a group of men cooking .
people enjoying the beach .
people on a beach .
people walking down the street .
people on a beach .
people are sitting on the beach .
a group of people at a meeting .
a dog jumps high in the air .
a man riding a bike .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog jumps into a yard .
a hot air balloon hot air balloon .
many people are gathered around a hot air balloon .
a man is hanging out of a tent .
a group of people on stage .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a lab coat is working with a microscope .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a scientist in a lab coat is welding .
a scientist is using a microscope .
a man working on scaffolding .
a scientist is looking at something .
a man looking at a gun .
a group of people are walking on the street .
people singing on stage .
a brown dog is carrying a brown dog .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through a tunnel .
a construction site is standing on top of a construction site .
people working on a building .
construction workers standing on top of a building .
construction workers are working on the ground .
construction workers working on a construction site .
two boys playing on a slide .
a woman is talking with her laptop .
a mural of a staircase .
a man and a woman are watching a man in a suit .
a man is jumping on a pole .
a woman is sitting on a bar .
a man on a bucking bronco .
people posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy in a green shirt is running .
a man in a blue shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a suit stands on a sidewalk .
a man walking down a hallway .
a girl swimming underwater .
a brown haired girl swims underwater with her nose .
a girl is brushing her nose .
children enjoying a festival .
a child is getting ready to hit a ball .
a man walking down a street .
a girl is standing in the middle of a street .
a group of men in a parade .
people walking down the street .
children dressed in colorful costumes .
a small child running .
a girl is sitting on a couch .
a woman in a coat holding a little girl .
a dog in the snow .
a man on a bus .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a child running .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown dog stands at the beach .
a man is sitting on the edge of a cliff .
a dog stands in the snow .
a man and a boy are playing a game .
two people are sitting at a table .
a lady walking down the street .
a construction worker is kneeling in his uniform .
a child smiling .
a child in a swimming pool .
a smiling man smiling .
a child playing in the water .
a person wearing protective gear .
a group of hikers posing for a picture .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a man in a red shirt is giving a thumbs up .
a dog running through water .
a man walking down the street .
a baby eating .
a group of women are standing outside .
two people are skateboarding .
a child on the street .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
two children are skateboarding .
two kids skateboarding on a ramp .
two children playing with skateboards .
two children are playing outside .
children playing soccer .
a boy skateboarding in front of a crowd of people .
a boy watches as another boy watches .
two young boys playing on a skateboard .
two men doing a trick in the air .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a boy jumps on a skateboard .
a boy is jumping on a platform .
a skateboarder jumps .
a young boy does a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
two boys skateboarding on a skateboard .
a person climbing a mountain .
a hiker walks down the street .
a man is giving a presentation .
a person in the mountains .
a snowboarder in midair .
a man walking down the street .
a man is rollerskating .
a group of people on rollerblades .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
two young boys are walking through the woods .
two boys standing in front of a tree .
two boys in a forest .
a group of people are drinking beer and drinking beer .
a man is paddling through water .
a man is holding flowers .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a hose .
a woman stands on a sidewalk .
two dogs running in the water .
a woman and a woman are sitting at a table .
two people are looking at each other .
a band is performing on stage .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a group of young men are sitting on the floor and smiling .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
two men talking to each other .
two men working on a project .
two men are fixing something .
two men are fixing something .
two men are working on scaffolding .
two men are fixing something .
two men are operating a machine .
two men working on a roof .
two construction workers working in the grass .
two girls playing volleyball .
a man in a cave .
women playing volleyball on a beach .
two women playing volleyball .
women in a roller derby match .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man wearing a red hat .
a person is standing in the snow .
a man is standing in a subway station .
a group of people are walking .
a man standing in a crowd .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
people are looking at a large ship .
a group of people in a cafe .
a person on a beach .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of men are drinking beer .
a group of people are talking .
people having a conversation .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
people getting ready to eat .
people sitting in a restaurant .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people are eating food .
a person is walking down the street .
two people are talking to each other .
a man in a black jacket and jeans poses for a picture .
a man taking a picture .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a suit is taking a picture .
a man in a suit poses for a picture .
a man is looking at a man .
a man taking a picture .
a man in a kayak with a man in the background .
a man in a park .
a man sitting on a bench at a park .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sits in a park .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
two men are looking at a ship in a dock .
a boy kicks a soccer ball at a soccer game .
a person walking on a street with graffiti on it .
a man looking at something .
an old man with a beard looks back .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
two boys are playing in the grass .
a man walking down the street .
two boys standing in the snow .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman are holding something .
a man and a woman are playing music .
a young child in a red shirt is posing for a picture .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a young woman in a white shirt is smiling .
a young blond girl poses for the camera .
a young girl is posing for the camera .
a girl poses for the camera .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a person is posing for a picture .
people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
people playing soccer on a soccer field .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man riding a snowboard .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a man snowboarding on a hill .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a brown and white dog lays on a fence .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
a man and woman sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are gathered together .
a couple taking a picture .
a man playing a piano .
a girl and a young girl are walking .
a young man and a woman are riding a horse .
three men are working on a fire .
people kayaking in a river .
a group of people on the beach .
people kayaking on a river .
a group of people kayaking on a river .
people kayaking on a river .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a group of people walking through the woods .
a group of people are paddling down a river .
two people on a river .
a boy opening a present .
a child in a blue shirt opening a present .
a child is opening a present .
firefighters working on a fire .
a little girl is opening a present .
people are standing outside .
soccer players on the field .
children in a soccer game .
a football game with a football game .
a boy is hugging his coach .
a football team is running with a football .
a barber is at a barber shop .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a man cutting wood .
three people are talking .
two women drinking beer .
two women are sitting and drinking beer .
a group of people are meeting .
a group of young adults are watching a presentation .
teacher teaching students how to class .
a group of people at school .
a group of children are sitting in a classroom .
two young ladies walking down the street .
two people drinking beer .
a woman eating .
two girls are playing musical instruments .
a child is holding something .
two women playing musical instruments .
two women , one playing the drums , and the violin is playing the drums .
two women are playing instruments .
two musicians playing their instruments .
two women playing musical instruments .
two musicians playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt waves .
a group of people are preparing food .
a man on stage with a guitar on stage .
a person stands in front of a fire .
a group of people are walking around .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person is performing on stage .
a man standing on a bridge .
a man on a bridge .
a dog and a dog are looking at a dog in the snow .
a man with a backpack is standing next to a bridge .
a woman in a red shirt walks past a store .
a woman walking past a store .
a woman walking .
a woman walking past a store .
a woman walking past a store .
a dog plays with an object .
a man walking down the street .
a man on a boat .
two girls are riding a bike .
two girls are riding on a train .
three children are standing in a field .
two girls are standing by a bridge .
two women are riding a vehicle .
football players on a field .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a man and woman walk past a store .
people shopping at a market .
a woman shopping for groceries .
several people are walking on the street in front of tents .
children playing in the street .
a group of young boys are shopping .
a man is smiling .
four boys are posing for a picture .
two boys are talking to each other on the street .
a surfer catches a wave .
a dog swims in the water .
two men are working at work .
a group of men are working in a gym .
a group of men working on a boat on a boat .
two men are working on a project .
people are standing in a boat .
a group of people smiling .
people are performing on a street .
a street vendor is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is getting a haircut .
a boy holding his hands .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a boy is giving a thumbs up .
a child is raising his hand in a crowd .
a man is sitting in a car .
a woman in a blue shirt is working on a patient .
two people are talking .
a woman in a blue shirt is making a clay face .
a woman in a classroom working on a project .
a woman works on a loom .
a woman making pottery .
this is a busy street .
people wearing hats .
two men walking under a bridge .
four people are walking through a construction site .
people are walking down a street .
a woman reading a book .
two martial artists practice martial arts .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man stands in a cement structure .
a woman reading a book at a coffee shop .
a group of people playing soccer on a sunny day .
people swimming in a pool .
a group of young adults and children playing soccer on a city street .
a man is getting his haircut .
four women are standing in front of a street .
two hockey players are wrestling .
four women walking down the street .
four girls walking down the street .
two women walking across the street .
people walking down the street .
a kid on a skateboard .
a man performing a trick .
a teenager skateboarding in front of a large building .
a man is skateboarding in front of a gray building .
a man skateboarding in front of a building .
a young man is skateboarding .
two people playing a game .
a woman in a blue shirt is pushing a scooter in front of a fence .
a woman is talking to a group of students .
a man and a woman are playing in the sand .
a man is climbing a rock .
men in orange vests and hard hats .
people are walking down the beach .
two men are in a lake .
two men playing in the water .
a man sitting on a bench .
a soccer field in a city .
a girl in a blue shirt is watching a soccer ball .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are playing soccer .
construction workers working on a building .
a dog wearing a collar .
a brown dog is running across the grass .
a child plays with bubbles .
a dog chases a dog .
a woman and child are looking at something .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at a fence .
a woman planting plants .
a brown and white dog is running over a fence .
a boy is falling into the snow .
two men working on a project .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are working .
two men in blue shirts and blue jeans .
people working on a building .
two men are sitting at a table .
a vendor standing in front of a store .
a group of men fishing on a boat .
a child jumping in the sun .
two men fishing in a boat .
a group of boats on the beach .
two men on a boat .
a man riding a horse .
people are sitting on a floor .
two dogs playing in the sand .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a child with long hair and a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
a person stands in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is hitting a tennis ball .
a man playing tennis .
a man is playing on the beach .
people riding horses .
a woman is riding a bike .
two women walking around at night .
a young man rides a bike in front of a blue van .
a boy in a blue shirt runs through a grassy area .
a man shooting a gun .
a man holding a camera .
a man taking pictures .
a person is looking at a wall .
four men cleaning garbage from the ground .
a group of construction workers standing around .
four people are standing around a hole .
a group of people riding horses on a trail .
a person wearing a helmet is riding a bicycle .
workers in hard hats are digging a hole .
a man is riding a bike .
a man looking at food .
a man and a boy are playing outside .
a man standing in front of a building .
three men walking across the street .
a man in a kitchen cooking .
a busy city street .
people are looking at something .
a girl is eating .
a crowd watches a crowd of people .
a group of people looking at a man in a white shirt .
a man is wearing a white hat .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman on a beach .
a woman is doing a handstand on a beach .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman on a beach .
protesters protesting with signs .
a woman stands near a body of water .
three people walking .
two men talking to each other .
two men drinking beer .
two men are talking to each other .
two men in a workshop .
two men are having a drink .
a woman is holding a microphone .
a man performing a trick .
a woman speaking in front of a crowd .
a crowd watching a performance .
a man walking in front of a store .
a child and a child are walking in a field .
a man is walking a brown dog .
a woman with a black stroller walks next to a man with a black stroller .
a blond woman wearing a white top .
a woman pushing a stroller .
a woman and a child are walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a crowd of people are gathered outside .
a man is checking his phone .
two men are sitting under a sign .
a line of people in a line .
a dog is running through the snow .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a dog plays in the grass .
a black dog is playing in the snow .
a dog plays with a toy in the snow .
a band performs on stage .
women playing volleyball .
girls playing volleyball .
a man is fixing his bike .
two girls are playing a game of chess .
a construction site in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is fixing a bicycle on a bicycle .
a man is sitting on a bus .
a man is shaving his face .
a man shaving his face .
an asian man wearing a blue shirt .
a man shaving his beard .
a man shaving his face .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
children sleeping on a bench .
a man at an event .
a young girl is watching a woman in a pink shirt .
an airport scene .
a group of people at night .
a man is taking pictures of a group of people .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is standing in the airport .
two people in a room .
a man and woman in an airport .
a man holding a woman 's face .
a man holding a drink .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a boy jumping into the air .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a boy jumps into the air .
a boy jumps in the air .
a little boy jumps into the air in the air .
a man is giving a speech .
a boy hitting a tennis ball .
a young boy swings at a tennis ball .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
a child is trying to hit a tennis ball .
a woman in red .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a woman is looking at something .
a girl climbing a rock .
a man in a gray sweater is sitting in a chair .
a person riding a bull .
a woman is reading a book .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people are playing on a street .
adults are sitting on a wall .
a man wearing shorts and a blue shirt .
a man stands on a beach .
a man on a beach in the sand .
a man is playing with sand .
a man doing a handstand in the sand .
two men are playing music .
a little girl smiles .
a child is using a large telescope .
a couple enjoying the sunset on a cruise ship .
people walking down a street .
construction workers are working on the ground .
a boy and a young boy are sitting around a table .
a young boy looks at the sky .
a person looking through a telescope in a museum .
a man holding a young boy .
a man is holding a camera .
two people walking down a street .
a man surfing on a beach .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man is getting his haircut .
a girl is drinking a beverage .
a man performing a trick .
a group of people wearing coats .
a young girl drinking coffee in a restaurant .
a young girl is drinking coffee in a restaurant .
a woman is looking out of a window window .
an asian woman looks out at the window of a cafe while drinking coffee .
a woman drinking a drink .
a woman standing in a market .
people walking down the street .
children sitting on a bench .
children are sitting on benches .
two children are sitting at a museum .
a group of people gathered at a museum .
two children sit on a couch while two adults look on .
children are sitting on benches in the background .
two children are sitting on a couch .
two children are sleeping on a couch .
two children are in a museum .
children at an art museum .
people are sitting at an art museum .
people standing in a museum .
people at a museum .
people standing in a building .
a group of children sitting on a bench .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is getting ready to jump .
a group of people are working on a patient .
a group of people are outside .
a woman is reading a book .
two women are getting ready to drink .
two women are walking down the street .
a man is doing a handstand on a stage .
a person walking down the street .
a father and his son are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on concrete steps while holding a briefcase and holding a pot .
a woman in a long green dress and blue skirt is holding a banner with a stone structure in the background .
a woman is getting ready to cross the street .
a woman is holding a box .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a little boy is playing on a playground .
two children are looking at something in a market .
a boxer performing a trick in the air .
two children are looking at produce .
two young children are looking at a map in a store .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is playing with his son on the sidewalk with his son .
a man in a white shirt is boxing .
a man is getting a haircut .
a little girl in a green flower box .
three men playing basketball .
people walking down a street .
a baseball player sliding into the base .
a bird has its mouth open .
a group of people standing against a blue sky .
a police officer standing outside .
men walking towards buildings .
three people walking in the city .
two men are standing outside .
a man standing next to a building .
a busy street .
a young man is dancing in front of a crowd .
a woman is looking at a cellphone while another woman looks on .
a person walking down the street .
two people are standing in a shop .
two women working on a loom .
a man is walking down the street .
two men in red shirts are working on a field .
an old man walking down the street .
children playing in a room .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of children are gathered around a stage .
a group of children dancing .
a group of children playing music .
a group of children are dancing and dancing .
a group of children are performing .
a group of children are waiting around .
a group of children are standing in a line .
a group of children are looking at something .
a group of children are standing outside .
a group of children are holding a round object in a line .
a group of young adults are performing .
a group of young adults are performing a concert .
a group of young adults having fun .
a group of young adults are performing a concert .
a group of young adults in a line .
a group of people are outside .
a band performs on stage .
a woman is holding flowers .
a group of people are sitting on a bus .
a little girl is hugging flowers .
a little girl is crying .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman .
a child is looking at flowers .
an asian woman walking in front of a crowd .
a woman is shopping at a shoe store , while a woman looks on .
a woman is looking down .
a woman wearing a pink shirt .
two women walking down a city street .
a woman is looking at the sun .
a woman looking at something .
basketball players compete in the air .
three basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball game .
basketball players playing basketball .
two basketball players playing basketball .
two teams are playing basketball .
a group of people playing basketball .
a young girl in a blue shirt is attempting to kick a basketball .
a group of runners are running .
a person in a boat .
a young boy holding a bucket of water .
a young child is holding a bucket of water .
a little boy is jumping into the water .
a boy is throwing a bucket in the water .
a child is standing in a bucket .
a young child is filling a bucket .
a boy is filling a bucket .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a worker in a green shirt is working on the ground .
a boy playing in a bucket .
a yellow car drives through mud .
a man in a white shirt is dancing .
a woman taking a break from a bike .
a girl wearing a blue scarf is standing next to a bicycle .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a young woman walking next to an orange bicycle .
a girl rides a bike .
a man is holding an object .
a group of surfers riding on a river .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a group of women are listening to music .
a blond haired man is leaning over a bar .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is standing on the beach .
three girls are sitting on the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt holding a rifle .
a young man holding a pipe .
a man is sitting at a table holding a pipe .
a young man holding a white pipe .
a man holding a shopping bag .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
a snowboarder looking at a snowboard .
a young man is riding on the street in front of a red car .
a man looking at a snowboard .
a group of teenagers stand outside .
a snow covered mountain .
a man is walking down a street .
a little boy is looking at something on his head .
two people are talking .
a little girl is taking a pizza .
a group of people are working .
three children are playing a game .
a black man stands at the beach .
a man stands on a beach .
a bald man stands on a beach .
a man is standing on a beach with a tree in the background .
a man on a beach .
a black and white dog is standing in the middle of an airplane .
a group of people are standing around the airplane .
a firefighter stands in front of an airplane .
there is a yellow circle around it .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in the middle of an airplane .
a dog runs through the grass .
two soldiers stand outside of a church .
a woman is eating .
a little girl eats candy .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a woman smiles at the camera .
a woman holding cotton candy .
two children wearing hats .
two children wearing hats .
two children are wearing hats .
two children , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two children are playing on the beach .
a man and a woman in a room .
a group of people are looking at an airport .
a group of people are standing around a road .
a group of cyclists are racing .
a plane gets ready to take a photo .
family sitting in the shade .
a lady walking down the street .
people dancing .
a car drives down the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
two girls are looking at each other .
a young boy is using a mop .
a nurse in a hospital bed .
two men working on scaffolding .
a worker is working on a ladder .
two men are performing .
a woman is laying in a hospital bed .
a nurse in a hospital bed .
two girls playing outside .
a dog standing on its legs .
a group of people are sitting at a bar .
a black and white dog in a pink costume .
a woman is playing the violin .
a woman is talking to a woman .
a woman in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a woman talking to a group of people .
a group of people listening to music .
people at a bar .
a dog is jumping on a bench .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a football game .
two women are looking at a football game .
three women talking to each other .
a group of people watching a football game .
a woman walking down the street .
a man cutting fruit .
a woman in a blue dress walks past a store .
a woman with a purse is carrying a purse .
a woman holding a woman 's hand .
a woman in a white shirt carrying a bag .
a woman with brown hair and brown hair is laughing .
a woman in a dress walks down the sidewalk .
a man carrying something .
a woman is cutting corn .
two women are getting ready to perform .
a crowd of people are sitting in a stadium .
two women talking to each other .
a woman in a pink hat is sitting at an event .
a woman is talking to another woman .
two women talking to each other .
two women standing next to each other .
two women in a crowd looking at each other .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of people playing instruments .
a lady is looking at something .
a singer playing the drums .
a dog digging in a hole .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt loading an apron .
a girl splashes water .
a woman splashes water .
a man is picking up food .
a woman swims in the water .
two children are sitting on an old truck .
kids playing in the grass .
four children are sitting around a truck .
two children playing in a fountain .
two boys playing in a fountain .
a man preparing food .
construction workers at night .
construction workers working at night .
a worker wearing a hard hat and vest is working .
people working in the street .
a woman is cooking .
a child swimming in the water .
two men are relaxing .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a lady is smiling .
a little girl eating food .
a man looking into the distance .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is looking at something .
a dog playing with a toy .
a man standing next to a tank sign .
a group of people at an event .
a soldier is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a soldier is standing outside .
a group of people are sitting on a wall .
a man making fire .
three people talking to each other in a conference room .
a woman wearing a white dress .
a man in a blue shirt is using a gun .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two men are reading books .
a group of people talking in a meeting .
workers at a conference conference .
people practicing martial arts .
two girls are looking at a paper .
two construction workers stand next to railroad tracks .
a woman is buying ice cream .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a piece of equipment .
a group of construction workers are working at a construction site .
workers are working on railroad tracks .
two people eating .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a camera .
a boy is pointing at the sky .
two girls holding american flags .
a man playing the violin .
two people are talking to each other .
a man reading a newspaper .
two firefighters are climbing a ladder .
a construction worker is working on a train .
a woman standing in a store .
a woman wearing a blue and white striped shirt .
a band performs on stage .
two firefighters are climbing on a ladder .
a young girl wearing a tutu .
a little girl in a green shirt is walking .
a person standing next to a lamp stand .
a person is washing a rock .
a horse and rider are riding a horse .
a group of teenagers are outside .
a horse jumps over a gate .
a person on a horse .
a person riding a horse .
a jockey is riding a horse .
a jockey is jumping on a course .
people standing in a store .
a group of people are looking at magazines .
two people are walking through a store with books and books .
three elderly men looking at books .
a man and a woman relaxing in the water .
people on a cliff .
two women talking to each other .
two boxers are fighting .
two women talking to each other .
a man in a red apron is cooking .
two women are standing in front of a store .
two women wearing blue shirts .
a man working on a subway car on the subway tracks .
a group of workers are working on a project .
a child is riding on a lawn mower .
a little girl is in a car .
a man in a red shirt and a red hat is holding a little girl in a red shirt with an american flag .
two men are looking off in the distance .
a man working on a brick structure .
a man working on a project .
a man is fixing something .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling an object .
a man wearing jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man falling into the water .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a child sits in a tree .
kids riding bikes .
two men are chasing a frisbee .
two men watch a bull .
two men are playing tug of war with a cow in the background .
two men riding horses .
two people are riding horses .
two men in cowboy hats are chasing a bull in a rodeo .
two men are chasing a bull .
two men wearing hats .
three dogs in a field .
a photographer poses for a picture .
people are standing in front of an airport .
two men are having a conversation .
a person holding up a sign .
a group of people are having fun .
a man riding a bike .
people are standing next to water .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people in bathing suits are sitting on a beach .
a man is praying .
two girls playing in the grass .
a man with long hair is sitting on a bench .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a mountain covered mountain .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
four people sitting on a bench .
four people are hanging out .
a man walking down the street .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a kid kicks a soccer ball .
a girl is doing gymnastics .
a girl is kicking a soccer ball .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a man riding a bike in the forest .
a kid doing tricks on his bike .
a man rides a bike in the mountains .
a person riding a bike .
a biker rides his bike .
a man in a suit is holding a knife in front of a crowd of people .
a dog plays in the water .
the bike is going down the road .
a group of cyclists riding their bikes down the street .
a brown dog is playing in the water .
three people are standing near a road .
two dogs are swimming .
two dogs wrestle in the snow .
a parade full of people .
two women in a parade .
people are dancing in the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two people dancing in a competition .
two people dancing .
a group of dancers dressed up in colorful costumes .
people walking down a street .
a woman walking on a street .
people walking down the street in the street .
a woman in a blue and white robe is holding an umbrella .
a woman walking down a busy street .
a man with long hair is smiling and smiling .
a man with long hair and a beard is making a funny face .
a man in a brown shirt is holding a hat .
people walking .
a man with long hair is sitting on a bench .
two dogs standing in the grass .
children waiting for balloons .
a little girl is dancing .
a woman is fixing her sewing machine .
a woman wearing a black shirt .
a girl is standing next to a house .
a girl is standing next to a house .
a group of students watching a lecture .
a man riding a bike .
a boat in the water .
a girl wearing a headband .
a man stands on a boat .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing next to a car .
a man in a costume .
a man standing in front of a building .
a man playing a guitar .
a drummer plays the drums .
a man playing an instrument .
a man is laughing .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is cutting a tree .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
a little girl plays a guitar .
a group of people are waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking across a city street .
people are crossing the street .
people crossing the street .
a smiling man smiling .
a group of soccer players are performing .
three children playing outside .
three little boys play in the snow .
three children are standing in the snow .
two men are playing soccer .
children walking down a hill .
a man in a blue shirt holding his head .
two children are standing in front of a wall .
a young child poses with a pumpkin .
a little boy is standing next to a metal pumpkin .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
people are walking down the street .
people on a bus .
a group of people waiting for a bus stop .
a crowd of people are waiting for something .
people waiting to board a rail .
a bird flies over the water .
a bird flies through the water .
a bird flies through the air .
a bird flying .
a dog flies through the air .
a young man is pointing at the camera .
two men are riding on a boat .
children playing in the grass .
two men are on a boat .
a woman is working on a loom .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing around a station .
a man is hanging from a pole .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white tank top look at a poster .
a man putting on a ladder .
a man is working on a wall while a man watches .
a man is sitting on a wall .
a man is standing on top of a wall .
a woman is holding a hammer .
a woman is holding a hammer .
a little girl lays in a pile of leaves .
a group of women are gathered together .
a man is hanging from a pole .
a subway subway station .
a man is looking at something .
a group of teenage girls are running down the street .
a baseball player is attempting to hit the ball .
a group of kids are playing on a dirt track .
a boy is looking at the water .
two women hugging each other .
a person throwing a rock .
a girl in a white shirt is throwing something .
people on a boat .
a man in a uniform .
a boy plays in the water .
a man in a military uniform stands in front of an audience .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a person stands in front of a picture .
a soldier poses for a picture .
a woman is holding a guitar .
a man wearing a uniform .
a man is holding a gun .
a man is holding a gun .
a young man shooting a gun at a shooting event .
a group of people in a village .
a man shooting a gun .
a man sits next to a statue .
a person is walking down the street .
a child holding a mop .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a mop .
a small child in a laundry room .
a child is holding a map in a laundry room .
a young child is making a mop in a laundry room .
a couple sitting on a rock .
a construction worker working on railroad tracks .
two people looking at the ocean .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
two children are walking on a tiled floor .
a child is wearing yellow .
a group of children are walking down the street .
two women at a conference table .
a group of people holding food .
two women are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two women are eating a meal at a table .
two women talking to each other .
a woman is giving a little girl while another woman watches .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
two women are eating food at a table .
a woman is eating food .
two women are eating food .
a woman holding a plate of food .
people eating at a table .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman walking down the beach .
a boy is holding a broom .
a young boy is using a mop in a laundry room with a broom .
a young boy is holding something in his hand .
a young boy is brushing his teeth .
a child is holding a mop in his hand .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
a group of people are having drinks .
a boy in a red jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing in front of an orange road .
a young boy is holding a broom .
a group of people are preparing food .
people enjoy dinner .
people getting ready to eat .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting in a bed .
a woman is standing on top of a white wall .
two african american women sit on a couch .
two people sitting on a couch .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
four friends are sitting at a park bench .
people in a field .
a group of people are smiling .
a group of men talking to each other .
an older woman is holding a hammer .
a woman looking at a hammer .
an elderly woman is using a hammer .
a woman is using a hammer .
a band is playing music .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a white shirt is using a wire to a lamp .
a man working on a building .
a band is performing on stage .
a man making a presentation .
a man is talking to a man in a restaurant .
a band plays on stage .
a man holding a drink .
a man is drinking beer .
a man in a blue suit .
a man walking down the street .
a man holding a bottle of water .
two boys doing tricks on a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
people are skateboarding .
a group of young boys are skateboarding .
kids riding skateboards .
two hockey players waiting for the puck .
a man in a yellow shirt is holding a baby .
two hockey players compete for the puck .
a man and a woman are walking past a crowd of people .
two women dancing .
a group of hockey players trying to block the puck .
a girl throwing leaves .
a group of people at an event .
a man is holding something .
a group of people are gathered around a ceremony .
people at a ceremony .
a crowd of people are gathered together .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
there are boats in the water .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man watching the sunset .
a young child is playing soccer .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding a baby in her arms .
a man wearing a backpack is standing in a field .
three people playing music outside .
a woman in a green dress is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man in a backpack is leaning on a piece of wood .
two dogs play in the grass .
an older man is walking down a dirt road with two wheels .
a woman is kissing a woman on a couch .
a man pulling a truck .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking on a sidewalk .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking through a large field .
a man walking through a field .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
people standing outside .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man sitting on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
two men are sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
a red car is racing .
three people are playing a guitar and talking .
two people talking to each other .
a woman holding a baby .
a mother and her baby sitting at a table .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman is sitting on a street with her child in her lap .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a baby is playing with a plastic toy toy .
a woman at a train station .
a young child is holding a stick .
a woman waiting for a train .
a man is waiting to cross the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a girl playing in the water .
a man with sunglasses on his head is playing a piano .
a man in a black shirt is working .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is looking at something .
a man in a black jacket is playing a keyboard .
a person skiing in the snow .
a man is standing next to a mountain .
a man skiing .
two men are shoveling snow .
two men are cleaning the snow .
a man is painting a painting on a wall .
a man is skiing down a mountain with mountains in the background .
a man holding a guitar .
a man with a backpack is crossing the street .
a man skiing down a hill .
a man standing outside a building .
a man skiing down a hill .
a man looking at pictures .
a group of people riding bikes .
two dogs are running .
two dogs playing in the grass .
people sitting on steps .
people posing for a picture .
a little girl in a bathing suit smiles .
a child is playing in the grass .
a child splashes water .
a girl on a swing .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting on a swing in the air .
two girls having drinks .
two girls are standing in front of a bicycle .
two girls in front of bicycles .
a man playing guitar on stage .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of people on a boat .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking at fruit .
two people standing next to a food stand .
a man is dancing on a stage .
a man is sitting at a table .
three people are standing outside .
a clown at a rodeo .
a group of people are on the beach .
a clown at a rodeo .
a rodeo rider tries to lasso a bull while being thrown .
a man falling off a bull .
a man is sitting on the ground .
two people are standing next to a puppy .
two women walking down the street .
two women talking .
two women dressed in black .
two women walking down the street .
people are sitting on a subway .
a young man playing drums .
a young boy is sitting on a bench .
a boy plays in a park .
a black and white dog carrying leaves .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a black and white dog is flying over an obstacle .
a pitcher catches a pitch .
a bird is walking in the snow .
a man is walking down the street .
a doctor takes a picture .
people standing outside .
a child is looking at something in the air .
a man holding a boy 's hand .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a girl in a red dress is playing a red cello .
an older woman and a young girl are standing in front of a young girl .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are laughing .
a child looking at a baby .
a young girl is sitting down .
an older woman holds a young child .
a woman in a black shirt is looking at a boy .
a young boy wearing glasses is sitting on a couch .
a woman is walking down the street .
two children playing with water .
a group of people in a hallway .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people at a convention .
a group of people at a convention .
people at an event .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing at an airport .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man in a blue hat is looking at the train tracks .
a man is standing on a railroad tracks .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps over a man with a frisbee in its mouth .
a man is playing with a pink frisbee .
a brown and white dog jumping over a frisbee .
there is a busy city street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street with a blue van in the background .
a dog catching a frisbee in its mouth .
a man is sitting in a boat .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man holding a flag on the street .
a statue of a statue .
a man in a boat in a boat .
two people are standing next to each other .
people are sitting in a window .
a man sitting next to a tent .
a person is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring something into the sand .
a man is pouring something into a pot .
a man in a white shirt pouring a glass of water .
a group of women are shopping .
people waiting for a race .
a man is cooking .
a man is cooking a meal .
people running in a marathon .
people shopping at an airport .
a man wearing a hat .
an asian native american dancer wearing a black dress is dancing .
a group of dancers are dressed in costumes .
a group of people dressed in traditional clothing dance .
a group of dancers dressed in costumes .
a group of dancers dressed in costumes are dancing .
three people singing and singing .
people are walking up the stairs .
a group of women in white shirts are playing with a bottle of war .
a football player trying to block the ball .
a young girl in a blue shirt is stretching her leg .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a little boy is wearing a green shirt .
a young boy is riding a bike .
a boy and a boy are riding a bike .
two people riding bikes .
people walking down the street .
a person climbing a cliff .
a man is using a guitar .
a man reading a paper .
three people sitting in the grass .
a car drives down the street .
a race car is running through the mud .
a race car in a race .
a woman stands next to a boat .
two women looking at the sea .
children are blowing bubbles .
a group of people are standing together .
a child playing with a toy .
a man holding a small child .
a group of people on a boat .
a young boy is blowing bubbles .
people watching a car race .
a man sitting on a bench .
a soccer player holding a ball .
a soccer player in a red jersey is running .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
people playing soccer .
a football player in a blue uniform is attempting to throw the ball .
a man is getting ready to eat .
people playing instruments .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman holding a sign .
a group of people riding motorcycles in the street .
a group of police officers on motorcycles .
people riding motorcycles on the street .
people wearing helmets .
people are walking down a street .
the brown dog is sitting on the grass .
three boys on a wall .
two dogs wrestle with each other .
three dogs are playing in the grass .
a group of dogs on the grass .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man holding a baby .
a lady is sitting on a bench on a bench .
an elderly woman with a cane is sitting in a chair .
a woman reading a book .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench with her purse on her shoulders .
a woman is eating in a restaurant .
a woman is eating food .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table in front of a building with a man in the background .
people eating in a restaurant .
people are gathered around a building .
a group of construction workers are working .
a man and a woman are eating a meal at a restaurant .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
the policeman is standing outside .
children at a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair next to a table .
four people are sitting at a table in front of a green bar .
four children are sitting on stools .
four children are standing outside .
a policeman standing outside a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is playing with a toy .
the brown dog is in the grass .
a man is standing in front of a building .
two women are working together .
a girl wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child is fishing on a boat .
a man holding a fishing pole .
a little girl throws a fish .
a band performs on stage .
people are having a conversation .
a man is listening to music .
people listening to music .
people playing instruments in the street .
a group of people are playing music on a street while a crowd watches .
people jumping in the air .
a group of people playing music in the air .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
white and white football players in white and white .
a football game with a football player on the field .
a football player stands on the sidelines .
a group of football players are cheering at a football game .
a rock climber looks on .
a man is standing in front of a building .
young men are racing on a track .
a man is sitting at a table .
a street vendor selling food .
a man in a blue shirt is standing outside of a house .
a man sells fish from a booth .
a man is looking at a grill .
two girls are hanging from a metal bar .
two people are hanging from a bar .
two children are hanging on a bar .
kids playing in a park .
a man is eating a meal .
a young man is playing basketball .
a family smiling .
a black and white dog catching a frisbee .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a couch .
a family plays in a living room .
two dogs standing in a fence .
four men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are standing together .
four men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
a man painting a mural .
the brown dog is digging in the sand .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a young man playing basketball in a park .
a man on a basketball court .
a basketball player dribbles a basketball on the court .
a young man is playing basketball in a park .
a boy in a park in a park .
a group of children watching a skateboarder .
a dog digging in the snow .
a child diving into a pool .
a woman painting .
a brown and white dog is running .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the snow .
a photographer takes a picture of a photographer .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman in a green dress is walking past a woman in a green coat .
a man in a business suit walks past a man in a business suit .
an older man is walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
women walking down a street .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a woman smoking a cigarette while walking down the street .
people at a festival .
a group of children playing football .
people are standing around a firetruck .
children playing football .
two children on a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a computer .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt stands next to a subway shop .
a person doing a handstand in the water .
a man and a woman are crossing a busy street with a sign .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a group of people in front of a stadium in front of a stadium .
a person jumps off a diving board .
a man standing outside a building .
two children are playing soccer .
two men having a conversation .
two people are smiling .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a group of people on stage .
a group of people at a concert .
a man speaks to a group of people .
people performing on stage .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a group of children on a beach .
a man is standing in the sand .
a group of people on a boat .
a group of people are watching a young boy .
children kayaking in the water .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people walking in the city .
a woman in a black dress is talking on her cellphone .
a woman standing in front of a sign .
a chef preparing hamburgers in a pot .
a man is standing next to a white tent .
a man in a black shirt stands in front of a restaurant .
a man standing next to a food stand .
a man in a blue shirt stands at a food stand .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man standing next to a food stand .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a blue shirt .
a man painting a building .
a woman and her friend are waiting for a performance .
two scuba divers in the water .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
two people wearing scuba gear .
two scuba divers take a break .
a man in a cap and gloves is carving wood with wood .
a group of people playing soccer .
a young man is sitting in a vehicle .
a group of men playing football .
a man with a hard hat and hard hat .
people running in a marathon .
runners running .
a group of people running in a parade .
people competing in a race .
a group of runners running in a marathon .
people competing in a race .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
a group of people are racing .
a man is pushing a machine .
two people walking down the street .
two nurses are laughing at each other .
a young girl in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a nurse is taking a picture .
two nurses are having a conversation .
two nurses are talking to each other .
two people are talking .
two nurses look at something .
a nurse is wearing a bib with a knife .
a crowd gathers at an event .
a group of people on a cliff .
people are looking at something .
a group of people looking at something .
a busy city street .
a busy city street .
a busy city street .
a busy city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a singer wearing a black shirt .
a woman is walking down the street .
a little girl is eating a snack .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is playing tennis .
a child plays in the grass .
a boy slides down the sidewalk .
a child running on the beach .
a young boy with a painted face .
two people fishing .
people fishing in the water .
people fishing in the water .
a man is fishing into the water .
two men fighting .
an old man wearing a hat .
a man with a white mohawk is standing on the street .
a man in a black shirt and jeans is standing next to a woman wearing a blue robe .
a man and woman standing next to each other .
a man is standing behind a woman .
a girl in a wheelchair .
a man on the street on the street .
people walking on a sidewalk .
a young girl in a red dress is sitting in a wheelchair with a red umbrella in the background .
a group of women are sitting in a circle .
people walking down the street .
a man shaving his head in the mirror .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a man is shaving his head .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a skier jumping off a rock .
a snowboarder slides down a snow covered hill .
three girls are riding in a car .
a group of people are walking on the road in the desert .
a woman working on a loom .
a man is standing outside .
two men standing next to each other .
two people are walking down a city street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a person sits next to a water fountain .
a man drinking from a bottle of water .
a musician sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man with a microphone sings into a microphone .
a musician is playing a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man working on a roof .
a man poses for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to a microphone .
two teenage boys are sitting on a dock .
a man is leaning against a wall .
two dogs play in the grass .
four people sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting and talking .
a young boy in a red shirt stands in the street .
people sitting on a bench .
a construction worker wearing a blue shirt is working with a hammer .
a man is holding his hand .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
two dogs play with a stick in a field .
a group of doctors are performing surgery .
a woman is getting her haircut .
children playing in the water .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a little boy holds a doll in his mouth .
children playing outside .
two women are laughing .
a boat in the ocean .
people walking down the street .
two men wrestling while another man watches .
a group of people playing outside .
a woman in blue hitting a tennis ball .
a group of people are standing outside .
people watching an event .
two women are laughing .
people wearing costumes .
a girl stands in front of a crowd .
a woman poses for a picture .
a man fishing from a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is dancing .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a ship .
two firemen stand next to a fence .
a woman is looking at a crowd of people .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is cooking .
a group of people playing basketball .
a soccer player is laying on the ground .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
a brown dog is playing in the grass .
a couple sitting at a table .
a street vendor pushes a cart .
people walking down a street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man shooting a gun .
a man shooting a gun .
a man is holding a gun .
a person is taking a picture .
a police officer stands in front of an area .
a worker is taking a break from an area .
a group of men are playing soccer .
two men wearing orange vests and hard hats .
two police officers on a balcony .
an asian woman is sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a winter coat looking at the camera .
three girls playing outside .
two children are laughing .
men wearing hard hats and hard hats .
three children are smiling .
three girls are playing .
a little girl is blowing bubbles .
a group of people are playing outside .
a little girl is sitting on a stool .
a girl is standing in front of a cafe .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a young blond girl is playing with bubbles in a mall .
a young girl is doing a handstand .
a little girl is looking at a little girl with a little girl .
a man selling food on the sidewalk .
a child is playing with a child in a stroller .
an older man and a young boy are sitting at a table with food on his faces , and the man is selling his hair .
a little girl is blowing bubbles .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people are playing instruments .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
construction workers are working outside .
a man is walking down the street .
a wakeboarder flies through the air .
two men are riding a boat in the water .
a man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is running .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a construction worker sitting at his station .
a man sitting at a desk with a computer screen .
a man and a woman in a room .
a man is sitting at a table with lights .
a man in a blue shirt sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting in a computer room .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is sitting behind a desk .
a man wearing a mask .
people are standing around a house .
a man standing outside of a shop door .
a child is sitting in a machine .
a man is trying to lasso a bull .
a young boy and a child are marching .
a man with glasses is sitting on a chair .
two girls are playing basketball .
a man throwing a baseball .
a man riding a bike .
two men are working on a project .
a group of people are standing on a boat .
two older men and a young boy are holding a balloon .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people are standing together .
two men are preparing food on a grill .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a man on a dirt bike .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing with each other .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
two dogs fighting .
a woman working in a bakery .
a woman in a black dress and apron is looking at a stove .
a woman picking up bread .
a brown and white dog is biting his teeth .
a black and white dog is walking .
a person is painting a picture of a large building in the background .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a woman painting a picture .
a black and white dog is climbing over a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog is climbing on a brown and white dog .
a dog climbs over a log .
a brown dog with a log in its mouth .
two boys riding skateboards .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a white dog jumps over a log in the grass .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps over a log .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog climbs over a log .
a black and white dog is climbing over a log .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a girl .
two children are talking to each other .
two children talking to each other .
a boy in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue tank top are talking in a church .
children in blue shirts are talking in a church .
two children in a church .
children are sitting at a table .
two children are standing on the ground .
children are sitting at a table .
a girl on a swing .
a person walking .
a little girl is playing at a park .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
people marching on a road .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a bearded man with a beard is handing out signs .
two dogs fighting .
a man is performing a trick .
a child is sitting at a desk .
a young girl playing soccer .
a male gymnast is doing gymnastics .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person is walking down the street .
two children eating food .
a group of children posing for a picture .
two children are eating food .
kids eating lunch .
children eating food .
the sun sets in the sun .
a person riding a bull .
a bull catches a bull .
a cowboy rides a bull in a rodeo .
a cowboy rides a bull at a rodeo .
a cowboy is riding a bull .
a man walking past a banner .
a little girl and boy eating at a table .
two children are sitting at a table eating .
a group of people are eating food .
a little girl is eating .
two children are sitting at a table at a table .
children eating food .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a group of people working outside .
a police officer is pointing at directions .
two construction workers are digging a hole .
two construction workers working on a roof .
two men are racing on a boat .
a group of workers are working at a construction site .
two men are shoveling snow .
a group of men are standing in a field .
two men are drilling something .
two construction workers are working .
an orchestra is playing music .
people are listening to music .
a group of people playing music outside .
musicians performing on a stage .
a band performing on stage .
a band plays outside .
a band playing music .
an orchestra is playing an instrument .
two people swimming .
two men are working on a dirt road .
a group of people are working together .
people at a park .
two men looking at machinery .
a group of people are listening to music .
a band performs in a band .
a group of people playing music in a park .
a band is listening to music .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
a child sleeping on a bench .
hockey players are playing ice hockey .
a little girl is sleeping with her dog .
a child sleeping on a bench .
two ice hockey players on the ice .
a group of tourists on the beach .
a girl is sitting on the ground .
many people are walking on the street .
a girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a child jumping on a trampoline .
a child doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a man giving a speech .
people are walking down the street .
a man on a subway .
two people are walking down the street .
a person is looking at a door .
a person holding up a camera .
a man is holding a knife .
a man in a white shirt is giving a presentation .
a man is walking down the street .
three people with a hammer .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a brown and white dog is pulling a donkey .
a man is walking along a body of water .
a cowboy is riding a bucking horse .
a black and white dog walks next to a body of water .
a brown and white dog is pulling a horse .
two people sitting outside .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three people are sitting on a bench .
three people on a snowy mountain .
three people are sitting on a mountain .
three people are sleeping on a mountain .
three people taking a break on a snowy mountain .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a child wearing rollerblades .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a group of people watching a presentation .
a man is performing a trick .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a professor explaining a lecture .
a mother and her daughter outside .
a person swinging on a swing .
a man is talking to another man .
a street vendor selling fruit .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
a man is standing with a book .
a man in a black jacket is using a book with a book .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a street vendor selling food .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of women are preparing food on a piece of wood .
two women are feeding two children .
a woman standing next to a table .
a woman is looking at food .
people are swimming .
two women are cooking .
a woman preparing food .
people walking down the street .
a child is standing on a rock .
a man in a gray sweater is standing next to a butcher shop .
a woman working at a store .
a man is preparing food in a kitchen .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a sweater stands outside a building .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog plays in the grass .
a group of women standing together .
a group of men on a basketball court .
a man prepares to hit a golf ball .
a man is playing golf .
a golfer catches a ball in a hole .
a black and white dog jumping .
a baseball game at a baseball game .
people are smiling .
people are walking down the street .
two people are having a conversation .
a man and woman are sitting on the ground .
a couple standing on a street corner .
a girl waves .
two men are drinking beer .
a dog runs on the beach .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a dog runs across the beach .
a dog on a beach .
three people are walking down the street .
a man is painting a picture .
a man playing guitar on stage .
two girls are watching a young girl while another girl watches .
men on a boat .
a boy in a gray shirt is sitting in a chair .
two men drinking beer .
two men fishing off a dock .
a person walking down the street .
a person in a blue hat stands in the snow .
a boy walking down the street .
a man wearing a black and white striped shirt .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man with a beard is looking into a car .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a knife .
a man is looking at a woman .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man walking down the street .
a woman wearing a backpack .
a man hiking up a hill .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a man is walking down the street .
people in a boat .
three men and a woman are working on a project .
a woman is holding a net .
people are riding in a boat .
three men are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a woman on a cellphone .
a child sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a man with glasses is working on a piece of paper .
a skier posing for a picture next to a sign .
a person is jumping .
a motorcyclist rides a dirt bike .
a young boy slides down a slide .
a little boy slides down a slide .
a dirt bike rider is airborne .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a horse .
a group of people playing instruments .
a couple enjoying a meal .
a black dog is standing in the grass .
children playing in a bathtub .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
people waiting to cross the street .
people enjoying dinner .
the boy in the blue shirt is standing on the ground .
a boy climbing a rock .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is holding a rock .
a man climbing a rock .
a puppy runs through the grass .
a man operating a grill .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is walking through the snow .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog is running through a field .
a father kissing his son on the forehead .
a woman wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a boy jumping into a pool .
a person hanging upside down from a metal bar .
a child plays with a toy .
a young boy is swinging on a bar .
a young boy is standing in front of a bar .
a young boy swings on a swing .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a boy is hanging upside down .
a man is running on a race .
two boys are riding bikes .
a man playing a guitar .
people getting ready to dive into a pool .
a young boy plays in a room .
a man playing guitar .
a man is using a broken statue .
a man in a black shirt cutting his board with a knife .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting up meat with a knife .
a man is cooking food .
a chef is cutting a meal .
a man serving food .
a man cooking a meal .
people preparing food outside .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of motorcyclists racing in the street .
a group of motorcyclists racing down the street .
a group of people riding on motorcycles .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
a motorcyclist drives down a street .
a baseball player prepares to catch the ball .
three men are walking down the street .
a toddler with a pacifier in his mouth .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a woman is smiling while another woman looks on .
children walking down a street .
a child splashing in a puddle .
a group of children are sitting next to each other .
a group of dogs running in a field .
a little boy in a green jacket is crying .
people are sitting in a cart .
a child playing in the water .
two men competing in a wrestling match .
a man on a beach .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man and a dog are playing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a tennis ball at the beach .
a man playing with a dog .
a man is playing with two dogs .
a young girl is smiling .
a girl is holding a large branch .
a woman singing .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a young girl is sitting on the ground .
a band plays in a room .
a man pulls a broom on the sidewalk .
two teenage boys are reading a newspaper .
two men wearing white shirts .
a group of people are sitting at a table with a large fish .
a man is pouring beer into a microphone .
a man with glasses and a man with a beer .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog running through a field .
a singer is writing on stage .
two dogs walking in the snow .
three dogs are playing in the water .
three dogs in the snow .
a dog swims in the water .
a baseball player in a baseball uniform .
a picture of a building .
men pushing a truck .
people walking down a city street .
there is a picture of an escalator .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a man and a girl are shaking hands on a field .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a soccer player wearing a white jersey is holding a bat .
a soccer player wearing white .
a young girl swings a bat .
two motorcyclists ride on a track .
two people racing on a track .
two people are riding a motorcycle .
two people racing on motorcycles .
two people riding motorcycles .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
two people are standing outside .
two people racing on the street .
men race a race .
three girls jump on a trampoline .
three women jumping off a rock .
people walking down the street .
three girls are standing on a rock .
three people are standing on a rock .
people are bowling .
a group of people walking on a sidewalk .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
people are at a bowling alley .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a football player picking up a ball .
a man is looking at something in the water .
the man in the white hat is sitting on the ground .
a man is looking at something in the water .
a construction site with a man in a yellow shirt .
a man stands on a dock .
a motocross racer is competing in a race .
two people walking in the woods .
a man and a woman are hiking in a forest .
the woods is in the woods .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man wearing jeans and a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a pink shirt and blue jeans is walking through the forest .
two children walk along a trail .
two children walking down the street .
two men grilling outside .
people are walking outside .
two men are cooking outside .
two men are cooking outside .
two men are cooking outside .
people preparing food .
two people are walking down the street .
a man cooking food .
two dogs running in the snow .
a man dressed in a robe .
people swimming in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man in a red shirt is looking at the camera .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a basketball player attempts to block the basketball .
a bartender takes a drink .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a computer monitor .
two women smiling .
a man working on a project .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
a group of women dressed in costumes .
two women posing for a picture .
two women posing for a picture .
people posing for a picture .
two women are talking on their heads .
a man is welding .
a man is welding something .
a woman is posing for a picture .
two women posing for a picture .
two women , one wearing a hat and one in a white shirt , are standing in a doorway .
two women are standing next to each other .
two women posing for a picture .
a young man eating a meal .
a man is eating meat .
a man is eating a meal .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a person carrying a bag on his head .
a person skiing down a hill .
a person skiing through the snow .
a person riding a bike .
a person skiing down a snowy hill .
a person riding a sled .
people dancing .
two dogs play in the grass .
men drinking beer in a bar .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is jumping up to a vehicle .
people relaxing outside .
two dogs in the snow .
people sitting on a couch .
people sitting on a couch .
people playing video games .
a woman is playing with a child .
two women talking to each other .
a woman and a girl are making crafts .
two people are working on a piece of paper .
a woman and a girl are making crafts .
an older woman is making a craft project .
a woman and a girl are making crafts .
a little girl is making a craft .
a man walking down the street .
a lady is looking at something .
a young boy playing in a yard .
a man and a woman are looking at a woman in a blue shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is using the grass .
a man listening to headphones .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running in the snow .
two golden colored dogs running in the snow .
two dogs run in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a puppy with brown hair .
a man is standing outside .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is pouring a drink from a bar .
a man is walking past a wall .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people are swimming .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a woman talks on her cellphone .
people sitting at tables .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman in a black dress talks to a woman in a black dress .
a woman is walking down the street .
people standing around a boat .
a young boy plays in a pool .
a little boy is sitting on a couch .
a blond haired woman is sitting on a couch .
a young boy is chewing on a couch .
a little boy is playing on a couch .
a boy sits on a couch .
a boy is holding a stick in his hand .
a little boy laying on a sofa .
a boy is sitting on a sofa .
the little boy is looking up .
a boy in a plaid shirt looks on .
a boy in a blue shirt lays on a couch .
a child sitting on a couch .
three people sitting at a table .
two men talking to each other .
a man giving a speech .
a group of people attending a meeting .
a group of people are speaking .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
children playing in the grass .
children playing in the water .
children playing in the water .
a group of children are walking down a street .
a man and a woman enjoying the sunset .
a boy holding a stick .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a boy is hitting a pinata .
a man kayaking .
a man and a woman are sitting on a dock .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a black dog is standing next to a woman .
two people are sitting on a dock .
a woman holding a dog .
a woman is taking a drink .
a woman is taking a picture of a dog .
a woman is drinking a drink .
a child sleeping on a bed .
a band performs on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a mountain biker rides down a hill .
a biker rides a bike .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a person riding a bike .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a child is playing in the snow .
a woman in a black shirt pouring wine .
two people are having drinks .
two chefs are having drinks .
two people are having coffee .
people posing for a picture .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
man in black shirt shoveling snow .
two men are walking down the street .
a person shoveling snow .
a man shoveling snow .
a person is walking through the river .
a man smoking a cigarette .
people are throwing water from a bridge .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a woman in a green tank top stands in the road .
a man is standing next to a ladder .
a woman with a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a store in a cardboard shop .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a construction site .
a person wearing protective gear .
a man in a red shirt is kneeling down .
people are watching a horse in a rodeo .
a group of men are standing around a cake .
a race race .
a girl in a black dress is dancing .
a car on the street .
two people in a car .
a man in a red shirt is riding a motorcycle .
people are walking in a car .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of students are sitting on a floor with their friends .
people are laughing .
people are smiling .
a group of young people are dancing .
a black and white dog is trying to throw a black and white dog .
a dog with its mouth open .
a dog runs through the grass .
people are walking down a river .
two people are walking towards microphones .
two girls are walking down the street .
two girls walking down the street .
two girls walking down a street .
two girls playing outside .
people dancing .
a man is sitting on top of a man .
a group of people perform on stage .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of an amusement park .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a woman dancing .
a woman dancing in a crowd .
a woman wearing a dress .
a woman wearing a white dress .
a woman is leaving an airport .
a lady with a backpack walks down the street .
a woman is carrying a backpack .
a woman poses in front of an airport .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a bride and groom pose for the camera .
a man is standing next to a white carriage .
a bride riding a horse .
a man in a suit .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man in a suit is standing next to a white van in front of two white horses .
a couple taking a picture .
a bride and groom standing next to a bride .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a woman drawing something .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man dressed in black is holding a microphone .
two people having a conversation .
two men are talking to each other .
two men standing next to each other .
two men looking at something .
two people are standing in a crowd .
two men are standing together .
two men are looking at something .
a person in a red coat is walking through the snow .
a person in a red jacket stands on a rock next to a waterfall .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
a person painting a painting .
a man dives into a lake .
people walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a mountain with mountains in the background .
a man working on a project .
a person in a forest .
a man in a blue jacket .
three men are standing outside of a house .
a group of construction workers are working .
three people are working on a project .
two men are walking down the street .
a girl in a white shirt is brushing her hair .
a man is talking .
a man in a cowboy hat is talking to a woman .
a man is talking on a city street .
a man is talking to a woman in a city .
a man with a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is talking to a woman on the street .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman holding a bottle .
a man in a white shirt is practicing martial arts .
two people painting a picture .
a young child is sitting on a beach with a body of water .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person holding a pole with mountains in the background .
people playing with water .
a girl in a yellow shirt is using a swimming pool .
two dogs playing with a toy .
two men riding horses in a rodeo .
a woman is riding her bike .
a bus with a bicycle in the background .
an elderly woman stands next to a garbage bag .
two men are wrestling .
two men are trying to lasso a rope in a rodeo .
two men trying to lasso a calf .
a man and a woman are kissing .
two men are performing a trick .
two men are standing outside .
two people are standing in front of trees .
a man in a black shirt is digging a hole with a shovel in the forest .
a band is playing music .
a brown dog is laying down in the snow .
people walking down a street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man playing keyboard .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man in a blue shirt is holding his cellphone while another man holds his hand .
people enjoying a meal at a festival .
two men playing music .
a family enjoys a picnic .
men working in the woods .
people are working in the woods .
a group of men are working outside .
people walking in the woods .
young men working on a project .
people enjoying a bus .
a crowd of people gathered around a large crowd .
people are enjoying a bus .
a woman is walking down the street .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a lady in a blue dress is walking .
a woman on a boardwalk .
a woman painting .
children running down the street .
girls running in a race .
children in a race .
people racing on a track .
a man is standing in a crowd .
a man in a suit .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man stands in front of a door .
a man wearing a suit .
a woman eating at a restaurant .
an old man wearing a gray sweater .
a child playing in the sand .
a man and a woman are smiling while smiling .
a person riding a bike .
a person on a bike .
a man riding a bike in front of a crowd .
a man riding a bike .
two women are standing next to a man .
a man rides a bike .
a brown and white dog in a grassy field .
a crowd gathers at a concert .
a motorcycle racer wearing a helmet is standing next to a motorcycle .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a person riding a bike on a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a brown dog is biting on something .
an old man is playing with his dog .
a man in a denim jacket walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a woman poses for the camera .
an elderly woman is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a large white flower necklace .
a woman dressed in purple .
a woman is drinking coffee .
people holding flags .
a man stands on a boat .
a fisherman standing on rocks .
a man stands near the ocean .
a fisherman stands on rocks on rocks .
a man fishes on rocks .
a man fishing in the ocean .
a man standing on a beach .
people on ice skating .
two ice skaters compete in the air .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a little girl is holding a basket of candles at a wedding .
a little girl is at a wedding .
a little girl is holding a white basket .
a girl is at a wedding .
a girl is holding a basket of flowers at a wedding .
a man fishing in a boat .
a person is laying in the snow .
a little boy with a yellow hat is holding a yellow hat .
a child is playing in the snow .
three people are working on a tree .
a construction worker stands next to a tree .
a boy throwing a snowball .
a man climbs a tree branch .
a man performing a trick .
a young girl in a swimming pool .
a bus in the city .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a girl swimming underwater .
a child in a swimming pool .
a man and a girl swimming in a pool .
a party party .
a man stands in front of a man in a white shirt .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
children sitting at a table .
a little girl is cutting on a cutting board .
a group of people protesting in the street .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a crowd gathers at a party .
children playing in the grass .
a group of children are playing outside .
a motocross biker in a race .
a band performs at a concert .
two children are sitting in a body of water .
a young man is playing golf .
a blond child with blond hair .
a man playing golf .
a man is listening to music .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man playing golf .
a child playing in the water .
a dog in a swimming pool .
a man sitting in a van .
a man wearing a black vest .
a man holding a van .
a man is sitting in a vehicle .
two dogs racing .
a woman walking down the street .
a child is watching a child .
two young girls are ice skating .
two people pose on an ice skating rink .
a woman is walking .
a woman walking in the rain .
an elderly woman is crossing the street .
an elderly woman walking in the rain .
a boy in a swimming pool .
football players on the field .
a child in a swimming pool .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man standing in front of a store .
a man is walking down the street .
a man waiting to cross the street .
a man leaning against a van .
a man is leaning against a van in front of a shop .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people at an event .
people enjoying a party .
a crowd of people are dancing .
a girl wearing a black shirt .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a group of people are laughing .
a man is sitting on a green chair with a girl in a pink dress .
a father and daughter enjoying the day .
four dogs are standing outside .
tourists taking pictures of tourists .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a dog laying on the ground .
a black and white dog lays in the snow .
a brown and white dog lays down on the ground .
a brown and white dog is laying in the grass .
a dog is laying on the grass .
a dog is sitting on the grass .
a man fishing off a dock .
a dog is playing in the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
two people are standing outside .
a clown blowing bubbles .
two boys playing outside .
a woman and a baby are sitting on the ground .
people are walking down a street .
a baby is sitting on a blanket .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man in a red shirt is looking at the camera .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a child is looking at toys in a store .
a child plays in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a small dog is running through the snow .
people sledding down a snowy hill .
a group of people are standing in front of a body of water .
two men play tug of war .
a man is bowling .
a man is getting ready to dive into a pool .
two dogs are playing together .
a woman sitting in a chair .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs in the street .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs in a field .
two dogs fighting .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow .
a woman is walking down the street with a cart full of bags on it .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man snowboarding on a snowboard .
two dogs are standing together .
a person snowboarding on a snowboard .
people riding bikes .
people riding bikes .
a photographer taking a picture .
a model poses for a picture .
an image of an image .
a group of people on a vehicle .
a man in a hat laying down on the ground .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a woman wearing a green shirt and green pants .
two dogs running through the grass .
an older man is playing the drums .
an older man holding a shopping bag .
a man in a green and white costume .
a woman in a colorful outfit is holding a gift .
a woman with long brown hair and a scarf is holding a bag .
a man is standing in a fruit market .
a woman with a black dress and black hat is holding fruit on his head .
a woman wearing a red and black dress is holding a red umbrella .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a woman wearing a dress .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt holding a sign .
a woman is playing tennis .
a man is holding a basket .
a man in a hard hat is working .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a girl playing on the beach .
a baby in a blue shirt smiling .
a boy and a boy are playing in the grass .
three men perform on stage .
people playing soccer .
a man on a bicycle .
two boys riding bikes in the forest .
a man jumps over a dirt ramp .
a mountain biker flies through the air .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a child is sitting next to a tree .
two men in a martial arts match .
two hockey players are on the ice .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
a hockey game is being played .
a man selling flowers .
a man in a pink striped shirt sits behind a flower stand .
a man is selling flowers .
a man is selling flowers .
a man selling flowers .
a group of teenagers sitting at a table .
a man is playing guitar .
a man is playing a guitar and drinking .
a group of people in a lab .
a person is walking down the street .
a child is playing a video game .
a child stands in front of a tree .
a man walking .
a boat in the water .
a man walking in the rain .
two people are reading a book .
people walking down the street .
a child is holding a broom .
three people on a city street .
a woman wearing a yellow dress .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
people walking down the street .
two football players playing football .
people walking down a street .
three people walking in front of a building .
a group of people dressed in costumes .
people walking down a city street .
a crowd of people in new york city .
people walking down a busy street .
a black woman wearing a black shirt is holding up a yellow sign with a yellow sign on it , while another man stands next to him .
a man painting a window .
people are walking down the street .
people are walking down the street .
a man is walking in the grass .
a man is walking down the street .
people looking at something .
a black and white dog is hugging .
two dogs jumping in the air .
four people in a field .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog on a fence .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
a baby is playing with a necklace .
a girl in a blue shirt is running through the water .
a woman wearing black .
a woman in a bar .
a woman at a bar .
a bartender is drinking a drink .
a man is looking at something .
a group of young children playing together .
a group of people on a boat .
people carrying flags .
a man working with a glass .
people standing around a flag .
people gathered around a flag .
a group of people are gathered around an american flag .
a crowd of people holding flags .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people are holding an american flag .
a crowd of people standing in a crowd .
a group of people holding an american flag .
four people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing in front of a large crowd .
two men are sitting on a couch .
a group of young people eating outside .
a group of people gathered around an american flag .
a man smoking a cigarette in front of a body of water .
a worker sweeping a sidewalk .
a person sweeping a sidewalk .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting in a chair .
an asian woman is sitting in a chair .
an asian woman wearing a green dress and hat is sitting on a bench .
an asian woman wearing a blue dress .
a group of people are walking .
a woman is looking at fabric .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a woman with a basket is sitting at a sewing machine .
a young boy walks through the sun .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a surfer in the ocean .
a child in a bathing suit rides a wave .
a boy enjoys the beach at the beach .
a boy plays in the water in the water .
a woman selling jewelry .
an asian woman selling colorful goods .
a woman selling goods .
a woman is selling vegetables .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a skateboarder jumps .
a group of people are looking at an event .
a group of people waiting to cross the street .
a crowd is waiting for a crowd .
a group of people standing in line .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a man is laughing .
a man using a computer .
a man and woman kissing each other .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
a couple sitting next to each other .
two people are sitting on the beach .
a cashier looks at merchandise .
people are in a coffee shop .
people standing in line .
a group of people are preparing food .
a group of people are walking down a street .
people are standing in a crowded cafe .
people are sitting at a cafe .
people are sitting in a cafe .
people gathered around a cafe .
two people riding a cart in a cart .
a person on a bridge .
a man in a green shirt is jumping in a laundry room .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a man is playing tennis .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man is jumping in a laundry room .
a young man in a blue shirt is jumping on a trampoline .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman is sitting at a desk reading a book while sitting at a desk .
three women and a woman are standing in front of a room .
a professor giving a lecture .
a teacher teaching his class .
a group of students are listening to music .
a group of students in a classroom .
a black and white dog .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people on a city street .
the cars are parked in the road .
a bus parked in front of a bus .
a car is passing by a car .
the cars are parked on the road .
a red car drives down the street .
a skier is skiing downhill .
a skier skiing down a slope .
a skier in the snow .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a skier is skiing down a slope .
a man is cleaning something .
a man is looking at something .
a man is cleaning something .
a man wearing a suit .
a man with a beard is holding a stick .
a box of plants .
plants are planting plants .
a large pile of plants .
a large pile of plants .
a box of plants and plants .
a group of people are gathered at night .
a group of people are standing around a white sign .
a man is standing next to a motorcycle .
a group of people are standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are taking a break .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is holding a stick .
a man with black ears is holding a microphone .
a man with glasses is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is shaking his teeth .
a bald man in a black shirt is smiling .
a bird is flying over an old window .
a man is standing next to a window .
the window is window .
a bird carries a bird .
a man is cleaning a window .
a man is sitting on a wooden bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
the white and white dog is sitting on the floor .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a snowboarder jumps in the air .
a person walking down the street .
a person snowboarding on a snowboard .
a person jumps into the air .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
two men are working on a scaffolding .
construction workers are looking at something .
two men , one wearing a black and yellow shirt and the other in a black shirt , are in a workshop .
two men are riding a bicycle .
a woman in a purple shirt is pouring something .
a man is cooking meat .
a man walking in rain rain .
people walking down the street .
a man in front of a chair .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man stands in front of a statue .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a group of people are sitting on a ledge .
a group of children looking through a telescope .
an emergency crew is driving on the street .
firefighters work at an accident at night .
a car drives down the street .
a medical crew is working on a patient .
firefighters work at an accident .
two children looking through a telescope .
three children are climbing up a snowy hill .
children playing with a telescope .
a man with brown hair is talking to a girl with brown hair .
a group of people hold hands .
a woman with long hair wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
group of women in a competition .
a group of women are posing for a picture .
a car is driving .
a man is fixing a shoe .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .
firefighters are standing in front of a car .
a black and white dog is on the ground .
three men at an event .
two men drinking beer .
people in a building .
a man in a leather jacket is holding his cellphone .
two friends talking to each other .
a woman holding a rope in her hand .
a man jumping off the ground .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is holding up a pole in a bar .
a child sliding down a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a boy sliding down a green slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a dog stands in the snow .
a dog stands in the snow .
a white dog is jumping over a fence .
a white dog is running through the grass .
a white dog is standing on leaves .
a dog stands in the snow .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
a white dog walks on the ground .
a group of women walking down the street .
a toddler is sitting at a table .
a man and woman sitting on a bench .
a parade in a parade .
a group of men in uniform .
a group of people walking down a street .
soldiers carrying flags and marching .
a child plays with rocks .
a man riding a horse .
a man and a girl are outside .
two people are standing near a fire .
a man and a woman are watching a fire .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a fire .
a man and woman are eating .
two workers working on a tree .
two men are walking down the street .
a boy plays with rocks .
two men looking at something .
two men working at work .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is waiting to cross the street in front of a building with a truck in the background .
a man is standing next to a truck .
a bus in front of a bus .
a man is sitting on a bus .
a man waits at a bus stop .
a man in a suit is working on a fire .
a dog catches a frisbee while a man watches .
a construction worker is working on a building .
a man wearing a hat and a hat is using a house .
a guy laying on a roof .
a little boy is playing outside .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a dog plays with a frisbee in the park .
a woman is applying makeup .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of children are walking down a path .
a man in a black vest and black pants is on stage .
a woman applying mascara to another woman .
a woman is applying makeup .
two women painting a building .
an artist painting a picture .
a child in a green shirt is standing next to her arms .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men are playing tug of war .
a man walking through a field .
a black and white dog is looking at the camera .
a man with a black and white dog .
a man in a white shirt is walking with two dogs .
a man in a blue shirt is walking past a store .
a person walking with two dogs .
a woman is walking down a hallway .
a dirt bike rider is jumping .
three people wait in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt is doing a flip .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man holding a child .
two people are standing outside .
a girl carrying a blue bucket .
two children are sitting at a table .
a man is walking down the street .
a man about to hit a golf club .
a man holding a stick in a field .
a man is holding a stick .
a child plays in the street .
a child is playing in the grass .
a young boy in a green shirt is blowing bubbles .
a child is playing on a street .
a child playing in the grass .
a man in a red shirt is holding a camera .
a boy stands in front of a pile of hay .
a young boy hangs from a rock face .
a little girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a child is playing on the side of the road .
two people are standing outside .
people at a bar .
a group of runners race .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is playing a saxophone .
a man is singing into a microphone at a concert .
a man is looking at something .
a group of people are standing together .
a man in a gray shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing next to a wall .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man is looking over a wall .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a boy in a wagon .
people are looking at the water .
a woman in a black shirt is walking down a street with a child in the background .
a group of performers playing their instruments .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is looking into the distance .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in front of beer bottles .
a man sitting in front of a row of bottles .
two men are sitting in a room .
a man is pointing at something .
a man is pointing at dinner .
a woman walking down the street .
a young woman running in a race .
a young woman walking down a street .
a young woman with long hair is running down a street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and black pants .
a man drives a bull while another man watches .
a runner running a race .
a woman running in a race .
a woman in a plaid shirt is playing a bowling game .
a woman is throwing a tennis ball .
a man is dancing in the middle of a room .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is performing a concert .
a man cleaning a boat .
a young man in front of a crowd .
a man doing a handstand on the beach .
a man is looking at a cat .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on the street looking at her car .
a man in a safety vest holding a bird .
a man holding a dog .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a man holding a bird .
a little boy climbs a tree .
a man is working on a bicycle .
people shopping at a shopping center .
two women are walking down the street .
a bride stands next to a bride .
people are shopping in a shopping mall .
people walking around .
two babies laughing in a bathtub .
two women playing music .
two women are standing outside .
two women playing instruments in the street .
two women playing music outside .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing a guitar while another woman plays the violin .
two female musicians playing their instruments .
two women are playing instruments .
a woman is playing the violin .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a band playing on the street .
a woman is watching a street performer .
a woman with a ponytail is playing a violin .
people playing instruments outside .
a little girl is playing the violin .
a girl playing the violin .
two girls are playing on the street while one is holding a guitar and the other is playing the guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man sitting on the sidewalk .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
people at a carnival .
a couple enjoying a game .
a young woman and a young girl are playing at a carnival .
a group of people attending a carnival game .
two men are looking at each other .
a group of people talking outside .
a man is cooking meat .
two men talking to each other .
a man is cooking food .
a man grilling meat in a backyard .
people are walking down a street .
a man grilling meat .
a woman with black hair and white nose .
two people pose for a picture in a field .
a woman wearing a white dress .
a group of bicyclists are racing .
two women standing next to signs .
two women standing next to a sign .
a mural of a building .
two women standing in a hallway .
two women in a hallway .
a woman in a black shirt and jeans is walking past a woman .
a child in a red shirt is swinging on a swing .
a woman standing in front of a cafe .
two children are playing chess .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a man is holding a bowl .
a child is jumping on a porch .
a man is sitting at a restaurant table .
a girl playing the violin .
a boy and a girl are laying down .
a man holding something in his hand .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman reading a newspaper .
a man is working on a toy slide .
an old man in a white tank top is taking a picture .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a man and a girl are sitting at a table .
a man is playing with a girl .
a little girl eats dinner with her son .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
two children standing next to a tree .
a group of runners running down the street .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is painting a house .
two women are playing outside .
a man is playing a video game .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to make a thumbs up .
a man is standing in front of a wall .
a skateboarder is performing a trick .
a group of people taking a race .
a rock climber rock climbing .
a mountain covered mountain with mountains in the background .
the snow is covered in snow .
a mountain with mountains in the background .
a snow pile of snow .
construction workers are working .
a man and a woman are walking in the snow .
a flock of people are walking on the beach .
a dog is standing in the snow at night .
people running in a marathon .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man on a baseball field .
a man playing soccer .
a man playing cricket .
a boy is holding a stick .
a man is swinging a bat .
a baseball player wearing a blue jersey is throwing a baseball .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog jumping .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is running through a grassy field .
a dog runs with a bird in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog wearing a vest .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are at a table .
two men working on a rooftop .
two men working on an orange plane .
a man is holding a piece of wood .
an elderly woman is reading a book in front of a band .
a band plays in front of an audience .
a man playing a guitar .
a musician performing on a sidewalk .
a street performer stands on the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a person doing a jump in the air .
two people are standing in a kitchen .
two young boys in a kitchen .
a blond woman sits at a desk .
a woman is sitting in a chair in a dimly lit room , while a man in a blue shirt stands in the background .
a woman sitting at a table .
a blond woman is sitting at a table in a dimly lit room , with graffiti in the background .
a woman sitting at a desk .
a woman sitting at a desk .
a blond woman is sitting in a room .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman sitting in a chair .
a man carrying a wire .
a man walking down the street .
two children are smiling .
a man walking a dog .
a man stands next to a statue of a statue .
a man is walking with a dog .
two girls are smiling .
a child holding a pink dress .
a donkey is parked next to a trailer .
a group of people posing for a picture in a city .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man is standing in front of a restaurant .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a restaurant table .
two men having a conversation .
a woman is holding her hand .
a man and woman in front of a fish shop .
people are sitting at a table .
a man and woman swim underwater .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a saxophone .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a blue door .
a man and woman swimming in water .
three football players are fighting .
asian women are preparing food .
people walking down the street .
a man on a horse jumps over a hurdle .
two women are cooking .
people walking down a street .
a man in a military uniform stands in front of a crowd .
a group of people in blue uniforms are walking .
men walking down the street .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
three cheerleaders performing a routine .
a group of cheerleaders performing a routine .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
girls are cheering .
a group of cyclists racing in a race .
people running on a track .
a runner is running .
two men running on a track .
young boys are getting ready to throw a baseball .
a group of people in a building .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man in a white shirt sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a brown couch .
a man sitting on a couch .
a man sitting on a couch in front of a stove .
two boys are bowling .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a girl in a park .
a girl swings on a swing .
a woman is standing on top of a building .
a little girl smiles .
a young girl swinging on a swing .
two men walking down the street .
a white dog is playing with a white object .
a couple taking a picture .
a group of kids playing bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman and a little girl are posing for a picture .
a little girl is standing in a crowd .
a girl is standing next to a large crowd of people .
a girl wearing a red and red dress .
two women posing for a picture .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is wearing a yellow outfit .
a person poses for a picture .
a woman in a costume .
an elderly man is walking down the street .
five men are standing in the street .
a man is using a bed .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bed .
a man is sitting on a bed .
a man is making a pillow .
a child pushing a stroller .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on bleachers .
a woman sitting on a wooden structure .
people walking down a city street .
two women walking down the street .
two women are sitting at a table .
two men standing in the middle of a city street .
a man on a cellphone .
a woman holding a child .
a man is standing in front of cars .
a man in a suit is standing next to a car .
a man in a suit is standing next to a car .
a man is walking down the street .
a man holding a cellphone .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
two men talking to each other .
three young girls talking to each other .
a young girl is reading a book .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a girl is looking at the subway .
a man is looking at something .
three friends talking .
a man is walking across the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a woman is working on a bar .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a brick building with graffiti on it .
people sitting outside .
a group of people are having drinks at a table .
people sitting in a building .
people at a cafe .
two people are sitting at a cafe .
people are sitting at a cafe .
two people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a woman and a woman sit at a table with a laptop .
three people are standing next to each other .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a woman wearing glasses and a white shirt is sitting at a table at a table .
a man with glasses is sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
two people are looking at a computer in a yellow room .
three people sit at a table at a table with a laptop and a laptop .
three people are sitting at a table with a laptop and food .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
three people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man and woman are eating together .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture of a mountain .
a man is talking to another man .
a girl is standing on a rock .
a child sits on rocks .
a man and a woman are playing tennis .
a dog is looking at a tennis ball .
a firefighter uses a fire .
football players in football uniforms .
a football player jumping for a ball .
a football player is trying to catch the ball .
a football player is attempting to kick the ball .
a child stands next to a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt drilling into a board .
a man carving wood .
a child feeding a life animal .
a construction worker drilling a piece of wood .
a man drinking a beer .
a party party .
a group of women are standing outside .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a man working on a computer .
a young student is using a laptop .
a man working on a laptop in an office .
a young man jumping on a trampoline .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man in a blue shirt jumping on a trampoline .
a man doing a flip on a trampoline .
a cyclist is holding a mountain bike .
a man is standing at a booth .
a black and white dog is carrying a beach .
a surfer rides a wave .
a young girl smiles at the camera .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a young girl is playing with her son .
a person walking down the street .
a man is looking at a girl in a park .
a man cutting a cake .
a man looking through a telescope at night .
two men are looking at each other .
three men are cutting food .
a man is looking at something .
a boy wearing a hat and a hat .
a boy is looking at a telescope .
a man standing next to a car .
a man standing next to a vehicle .
a man walking down the street .
a black man stands next to his bike .
a man in a red jacket is holding a little boy in a red jacket .
a man and a child are practicing martial arts .
two men are surfing in the ocean .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a young man is getting ready to do a karate kick .
a young boy practicing martial arts .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching a young boy .
a boy getting his haircut .
a man walking down the street .
a man is preparing food .
a group of children are standing around a table .
a man is cooking a meal .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man is walking past a sign .
a man is eating food .
a young asian girl dressed in a black robe .
a group of people watching a statue .
a woman at a party .
people walking down the street .
three people are standing outside .
people hiking on a trail .
a group of hikers walking on a trail .
a group of cyclists racing .
a group of cyclists riding on a track .
a group of people are talking to each other .
four young men are walking down a staircase .
two men work on a roof .
people are preparing food .
a group of young children are preparing food .
a man serving food .
two people are eating food .
a plate of food .
two children are eating food .
a couple enjoying dinner at a dinner table .
two men at a park .
a group of young people are having fun .
two people serving food .
two people are giving food .
a group of people are working .
a man serving food .
two men are standing outside .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is talking on his cellphone .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench while sitting on a bench .
a man sings into a microphone .
people jumping into the air .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is cooking .
a group of people playing chess .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting something .
a band is standing in front of a band .
a man holding a young boy .
a man and a little girl are outside .
a father helps his daughter .
a man holding a baby .
marathon runners running down the street .
a toddler is jumping off the ground .
a cowboy riding a horse .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is leaning against a building .
a man in a blue shirt is leaning on a piece of equipment .
girls jumping in the air .
a boy is running .
a group of people are sitting on the edge of a lake .
two boys are riding bikes .
a man and woman talking to each other .
a man in a costume is talking to a girl .
a man is talking to a woman .
an older man is standing on a sidewalk .
an older man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a costume .
an old man is smoking a cigarette on a busy street .
a baby sleeping .
a woman holding a baby in her hands .
two women talking to each other .
two women hugging each other .
two women hugging each other .
a woman laughing .
a couple is kissing .
two people are looking at the city .
a group of people playing soccer .
three people are playing jena .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people are playing jena .
three people playing a game .
a woman playing a game of game .
children pulling a rope on a rope .
two people wearing hats .
a man is watching a young girl .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a crowd .
a man is shopping .
a man looking at flowers .
a woman selling fruit from a fruit stand .
a cashier looking at flowers .
two dogs play tug of war .
a dog is lying down next to a chicken .
two people sitting outside .
two men are standing next to a building .
two dogs in a garden .
three people in a room .
a man is holding a child .
a baby is brushing his teeth .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman putting on a shoe .
a man holding a young child .
a woman is painting her shoe .
a group of young boys in a soccer field .
soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
two soccer players jump into the air .
soccer players in red and red uniforms are playing soccer .
a child climbs up a rock .
a young boy climbing a rock .
a person climbing a rock .
two children eating .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
two men wearing orange vests and hard hats .
three men are working on scaffolding .
three men in hard hats are digging in a field .
a group of men are working in a field .
two men working on a roof .
two men are working on the side of the road .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
people eating food .
people sitting at a restaurant .
two men in a city .
women performing on stage .
three men are standing outside .
a group of girls in white shirts are doing a dance .
a band performs on stage .
a man standing in a construction site .
three people are standing in a doorway .
a woman selling goods on the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is selling flowers .
a woman in a black shirt is talking .
a woman is standing at a market .
a lady is walking down the street .
a woman selling flowers in a city .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing on a ladder .
a street vendor selling food .
two people dressed in formal attire .
a dog is playing with a stick .
a football player is being tackled by another player .
a man is standing in a factory .
an old man is standing behind a donkey .
a group of people are in the snow .
a young woman in a pink shirt and jeans is jumping in the forest .
a man shaving his beard .
three women on a beach .
a person in a bathing suit at night .
people are walking down a street .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people in bathing suits walk by a large building .
four people are walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is riding a bike .
a man stands in the snow .
four men in shorts standing in the snow .
a man is standing next to a group of people .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a couple dancing in a competition .
the bike is full of bicyclists .
a woman and a woman are dancing in front of a man holding a microphone .
people riding bikes on the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man in a blue shirt is hugging a man with glasses .
a man and woman looking at each other .
two people are having a conversation .
a man with his cellphone .
two women are playing soccer .
a woman is taking a picture .
a person riding a bike .
two women are smiling .
a woman holding a camera .
a man in a swimming pool .
police officers at night .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a snowboarder does a trick on a snowboard .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man on a rooftop .
a person snowboarding .
a boy is looking at a computer screen .
a child is playing with a toy .
a child is getting a haircut .
a child sits at a dentist .
a child is helping a dentist .
a child is crying .
a child is being helped by a dentist .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a father and his son are having fun .
a child is working on something .
a child is sitting on a rug .
a child is at a dentist .
a small child is helping another child .
a child is looking at a baby .
a band is playing music .
two men perform on stage .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a man and a girl are performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt perform on a stage .
a group of people playing instruments .
a band performs on stage in front of a large red church .
children eating .
a band performs on stage .
a man with a backpack walks by a wall .
a man walks by a wall .
a child on a sled .
a man is standing up .
a girl is riding a sled .
a child riding a sled .
a man walking down the street .
a girl slides down a slide .
a man wearing shorts and a blue shirt is jumping .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man is walking through a muddy field .
children running on a field .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children playing soccer .
children running on a field .
children playing soccer .
a group of people playing lacrosse .
two teams playing soccer .
a man working in a field .
a man picking up plants .
a man is throwing a hose .
the sky has its wings on the field .
a man in a white shirt is pouring a hose .
a swimmer is wearing goggles .
a child is pushing a cart at a grocery store .
a little boy is holding something .
a young boy is shopping in a store .
a boy is holding his arms .
two boys helping a cart on a cart .
a woman is jumping into a pool .
a woman is painting a picture .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
a swimmer stands near a pool .
a man in a white shirt and black cap holding a bottle of water .
a man paints a painting .
a man is pulling a boat .
a person on a jet ski .
two men sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a child playing a game .
two women walking down the street .
a little brown dog plays with leaves .
a brown dog chewing on a rug .
a small brown dog is playing in the grass .
a brown dog playing with a toy .
a brown dog is playing with a string .
people listening to music .
a dog is playing with a string .
a dog is playing tug of war .
a dog licking its tongue out .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
two men in white shirts are at an event .
a group of people standing outside .
two men talking at a party .
a woman rides a bike in a parade .
a painting of an art gallery .
a woman is pouring a drink .
a girl splashing in water .
a girl is pouring something into a cup .
a woman is drinking water .
a man is pouring a drink .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking .
a group of chefs are working in a restaurant .
a man is preparing meat on a tray .
three women talking to each other .
a man and a woman are getting their food done .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
three people are sitting at a table .
a man is preparing food .
a group of people buying food .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
people waiting for a train .
a woman is playing with her children .
a boy rides a skateboard .
a woman and her child are sitting on a train platform .
two women walking down the street .
a little boy wearing a red shirt .
there is a picture of a store .
two men are standing in front of a department store with a camera .
two men are hanging out of a building .
people walking down the street .
two men are standing up .
a man is talking while sitting next to a man .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two guys are sitting at a bar .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man smiles at a baby .
a man holding a baby .
a child is holding a baby .
a white dog is running through snow .
a musician playing on the street .
a dog catches a ball in his mouth .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a boy playing soccer .
a factory crew stands next to a deli .
a man is walking down the street .
a crew crew working on equipment .
a man is jumping off the ground .
a man sitting on a ladder .
two young men are watching a young boy .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing baseball .
a child is looking at something .
a man riding a horse .
a man with a cowboy hat .
a group of children are playing outside .
a cowboy riding a horse .
a person on a horse .
people walking in the city .
a man taking a picture of a man taking a picture .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a man laying on a ledge .
a man is laying down .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down a street .
a woman is sewing .
a child plays in the grass .
a little girl is playing with a boy .
two women crossing a busy street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
two people standing on rocks .
two children are sledding down a hill .
children playing in the grass .
an asian toddler is carrying a bundle of bread .
a young asian girl in an orange shirt is climbing .
a little boy with a cloth wrapped around her head .
a young girl in a pink dress is holding something in her hands .
a man playing a saxophone in a park .
a young girl playing on a swing .
two men are walking down the street .
a bride and groom walking down the street .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a man in a hard hat is snowboarding down the street .
two men are working on a snowy hill .
two men working on a project .
a man shoveling snow .
two men work on a roof .
two men cleaning a roof .
two men walking down a street .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a person skiing in the snow .
a man performs on a unicycle .
a boy looking at the camera .
a boy in a red shirt stands against a brick wall .
a man at an event .
a boy is standing outside .
a man with a towel on his head .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a man in a blue shirt is using a rope .
a man is sleeping on his head .
a woman is preparing food on a grill .
two children are sitting by a lake .
a man climbing up ice .
a group of people on a beach .
a man buying food .
a man is walking down the street .
a biker taking a break .
a man is doing a trick on a bicycle .
a ballerina in a pink dress is dancing .
a man is riding a bike .
a bicyclist holding up his bike .
a woman is pushing a cart .
a group of men playing soccer .
a ballerina dancing .
soccer players trying to block the goal .
kids playing soccer .
a group of teenagers are watching a performance .
a boy kicks a soccer ball into the goal .
a person wearing a red and white striped shirt .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a football player wearing a uniform .
a baseball player on a baseball field .
a group of young girls running .
a woman is playing tennis .
four men are sitting on a blue rug .
a woman is playing tennis .
four men posing for the camera .
a couple relaxing on a bench .
a man is getting a haircut .
a race car is racing on a dirt track .
a man shaving his beard .
a baby is making a funny face .
a man cleaning a wall .
a baby is sitting in a highchair .
a baby is crying .
a man and woman sit on a bus .
people walking on the beach .
three people are standing in the grass .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of people looking over a snowy hill .
people gather outside .
a group of hikers taking pictures .
a group of people relaxing on a hill .
a man is looking at something .
a woman in a skirt is walking down the street .
two men are standing together .
a man is walking down the street .
two young children are eating ice cream .
a woman is sweeping a sidewalk while another woman stands next to her .
a man is looking at something in the distance .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a firefighter stands under a car .
a woman performing .
a woman giving a show .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is working on a truck .
a man working on a truck .
a man is working on a train .
a man working on a vehicle .
a man in a martial arts competition .
a group of people in a line .
a group of people at an event .
a crowd of people in a parade .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a parade in a parade .
a man is holding something .
people in a parade .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people gather at a festival .
people walking in a town .
a group of people are gathered at an event .
a group of people walking down the street .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child pose for a picture .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two people are sitting on the side of the road .
a girl walking down a road .
a man riding a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down a road .
an older man with glasses and glasses smiles .
a man walking down the street .
a man and a little girl are eating .
a man is working at work .
two men playing music in a park .
five people are standing outside .
two boys are playing soccer .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman playing a saxophone .
two men playing instruments .
a girl is playing tennis .
a group of people in a bicycle race .
two martial artists practice martial arts .
a group of people at a ceremony .
a busy street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two men are in a ceremony .
two people standing next to each other .
a woman and a child smiling .
a woman holding a young girl .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people standing outside .
a man standing in front of a building .
a busy city street .
a man riding a bike .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is getting her hair done .
two women walking down the street .
a woman selling vegetables .
a man with a blue jacket and blue jacket is carrying a blue bag .
a small child is looking up .
a ship sits on a dock .
two men in hard hats are standing next to a ship .
two men are walking down the street .
two men looking at a ship .
two construction workers are looking at a ship in the city .
a group of people on a dock .
a group of people crossing the street .
a woman on a beach .
a woman in a white wedding gown takes a picture of a woman .
a woman is walking down a crowded beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a child kneeling on the floor .
a man stands next to a car .
a skateboard flies through the air .
a man in a blue shirt is painting the water .
a brown dog is playing with a ball .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a man in a karate match .
two boys playing outside .
a baby is crying .
two boys are looking at a tree .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
two people are standing near a tree .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is drawing .
a woman selling goods .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a woman selling goods on the street .
a person standing next to a wall .
two women walk across the street with two men in the background .
a group of people at an event .
people playing instruments in front of a crowd .
a young man rock climbing .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a young man rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man climbing a wall .
a man climbing a rock .
a person is crossing the street .
a boy is walking across the street .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a young man is crossing the street with his hands .
a young man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man is walking down the street .
two men are watching a group of people .
two women are walking past two men .
a man cutting up a piece of wood .
a man picking up a large rock .
a man preparing food .
a man in a red shirt and a man in a red and white striped shirt .
hockey players at a rodeo .
a person is waving .
people sitting around a laptop .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a woman taking a picture .
a group of people are gathered together .
a young lady taking a picture .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts .
a man on a beach .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman in a blue bathing suit is riding a blue surfboard .
a man is playing volleyball on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a person in a wetsuit is swimming .
a man is jumping on a trampoline .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man on a sand castle .
a dog is standing next to a tree .
a dog plays in the snow .
two dogs standing in the snow .
a dog catches a toy in the snow .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man holding a baby in a yard .
a dog runs through snow .
a man is sitting on a lawn chair with a baby in his lap .
two men racing .
two people racing on a track .
two people running down a street .
two men running in a race .
two men racing on a track .
a man in a black shirt playing a guitar .
protesters holding signs .
a woman riding a motorcycle .
a man and a child are sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a table .
a security guard leans against a building .
a police officer standing in front of a crowd .
people are standing outside of a building .
a security guard standing in front of a wall .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
people at a concert .
a man with his arms outstretched .
a man holding a pole .
a man is raising his arms in a crowd .
a man holding up his hands .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a little boy playing on the beach .
a child on the beach .
a young boy in a blue shirt is jumping off his skateboard .
a man is posing for a picture .
a child doing a handstand .
a child doing a handstand in the sand .
a child playing on the beach .
a child stands on a swing .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a child doing a handstand on the beach .
a child playing on the beach .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
students practicing martial arts in a classroom .
a martial arts class in a martial arts class .
a group of martial arts students are doing martial arts .
students are practicing martial arts .
a group of students are practicing karate .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a student in a blue shirt is cutting a board .
a student practicing karate moves .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
a person in a martial arts class .
a man practicing karate .
a man practicing martial arts .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard while others watch .
a man in a martial arts class .
a young man is practicing martial arts while others watch .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is climbing a tree .
a man paddles a boat .
a man is working on a boat .
a man fishing in a boat .
a man is working on a boat .
a man is working on a boat .
a man working on a laptop .
a man stands near a river .
a man is sewing a sewing machine .
two people are playing guitar .
two men playing guitars .
two men playing instruments .
two men playing guitar .
a little boy is playing cards .
two people are playing a video game .
a boy is holding a card in his hand .
three teenagers , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing in a room .
two girls with blond hair .
two girls on a trampoline .
two women walking down the street .
a boy is playing a video game .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a small child is sitting at a park .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two friends are having fun .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick with a skateboard .
a group of people are rollerskating .
people at a skate park .
a group of people are skateboarding .
a man playing tennis .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a brown and white dog licking its nose .
a girl swings on a swing .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a young boy stands near water .
rugby players are competing in a competition .
a young child playing in the water .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
two girls competing in a competition .
a group of girls are running in front of a crowd .
a dog runs into a field .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman walking in front of a building .
a woman reading a book .
a man walking down the street .
a young woman reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a woman standing in a store .
a motorcycle rider wearing a helmet and a helmet is riding a bike .
a man is walking down a street .
a man standing next to a pole in front of a pole .
a person posing for a picture .
a man stands in a field .
a man posing for a picture .
a man in a grassy field .
a man watching the sun .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a young girl in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a hiker walks through the snow .
a man is playing a guitar .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man cooking food .
a group of people preparing food .
a man preparing food at a local festival .
a man prepares a fish .
a man preparing food in a restaurant .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a red coat plays an electric guitar .
a man playing guitar .
a little boy wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a young boy poses for a picture .
a boy is standing on a rock .
two girls playing in the grass .
the boy in the blue shirt is looking at the car .
a young boy is walking past a fountain .
a band playing music .
a band is playing the drums .
a man is kneeling .
two men are getting ready to play .
a group of people playing instruments .
two children are watching a plane .
a man in a yellow shirt rides a unicycle .
a man walking down the street .
a basketball player playing basketball .
a girl is walking up the steps of an airplane .
a boy and a girl are at a museum .
two children climbing up an airplane in a museum .
a group of young children at an exhibit .
a girl and a boy looking at an exhibit .
two children are watching an airplane .
two children climbing steps .
two children are climbing up an airplane .
a car is parked in the snow .
two children walk up the steps of an airplane .
two children watch an airplane .
two children cleaning an airplane .
two children climbing up an airplane .
two children are watching a plane .
two children are watching a plane .
a football game in a stadium .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
a girl sitting on the grass .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a person working on a fire .
a man welding a large pipe .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man working with a machine .
a worker is looking out of the window .
a worker works on a machine .
a worker is looking at a machine .
a man holding a torch .
a man working on a machine .
a man with a mask .
a worker welding a pipe .
a man is welding a pipe .
a young lady with a purse is sitting on a bench .
two women digging on the ground .
a snowboarder on a bike .
a dog jumps after a frisbee .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a dog jumps in the air .
a group of people on a beach .
two men are standing in the water .
two men playing in water .
two men are walking down the street .
men build a sand castle .
two men are playing tug of war .
men playing beach volleyball on the beach .
two men are playing on the beach .
two men playing in the sand .
two men are working on the beach .
two men playing beach volleyball .
two men fishing at the edge of a body of water .
men playing beach volleyball .
two men are playing on a beach .
three men hanging out at the beach .
a man on a sand castle .
a man in a blue shirt is on a pier .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is sitting on the beach .
four men are playing with sand at the beach .
a group of people are playing on the beach .
three men in white shirts are on a sand castle .
people walking down a street .
three men are playing on a beach .
a snowboarder wearing a red helmet .
children playing in the water .
a man and a woman are walking down a street .
people are sliding down a hill .
a group of people on a raft .
a woman and a baby are smiling .
two women are crossing a busy street .
a man operating a piece of equipment .
a man is looking at a screen screen .
a man in a hard hat is digging a hole .
two women are crossing the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking through a street .
two women are crossing the street .
women walking down the street .
a group of people in a room .
people sitting at tables .
young adults sit on a sofa .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a baseball player trying to catch a ball .
a baseball player getting ready to throw the ball .
a baseball player about to throw the ball .
a man is getting ready to hit a baseball in front of a crowd .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a boy and a girl are smiling .
a dog lays next to a toy .
a woman with a purse is sitting on a bench .
two children climbing a rock .
children playing on a playground .
the dog is lying on the grass .
a group of children are playing around .
a boy is digging in a tractor .
a young boy poses for a picture .
a young boy is sitting on a tractor .
a boy poses for a picture .
a child is standing in front of a large pile of leaves .
a woman is smiling .
a man is dancing .
a child is sitting in a car .
children getting ready to kick a soccer ball .
a person wearing a black and white striped shirt .
a group of people are standing together .
a young boy in a blue shirt is doing a dance .
a child in a costume .
a group of people at a concert .
a child in a costume .
a young boy plays chess with an older man .
a man playing a drum .
a young boy is playing chess .
a man playing chess with a young boy .
two people are playing chess .
two people are competing in a game at a game .
a man and a woman are playing chess .
an older man plays the drums in front of a crowd .
two people are playing drums .
a man and a boy are playing chess .
a woman is looking at a bottle of wine .
a woman drinking beer .
a woman holding a bottle .
a woman giving a presentation at a party .
a group of people looking at produce .
a cowboy tries to lasso a bull .
a man fishing in the water near the water .
a bull rider is riding a bull in front of a crowd .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a man wearing a hat .
a man is standing on a beach on a beach .
a man is standing by a shore .
children eating .
a young girl wearing a white and white dress .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men are playing basketball .
two women are walking down the street .
a young boy working on something .
a group of people walking down a trail .
a street vendor selling goods .
a woman selling goods on a busy street .
a woman selling goods .
a woman selling goods on the street .
a woman selling goods on the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a child is swinging on a toy swing .
a young man is skateboarding .
people walking down a path .
a bicyclist is riding a bicycle .
people are standing in front of a store .
a man drives a sled through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a sled .
a man riding a sled .
a man wearing a blue coat .
a group of employees are cleaning up a building .
a dog and a man in the snow .
children are sitting in a public place .
a boy in a green hat is looking at something .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
a man taking a picture .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a toddler is smiling .
a man in front of a building .
a man and woman are looking at plants .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman .
a woman walking .
a couple getting married .
two young girls volleyball teams are playing volleyball on the beach .
two girls playing volleyball on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is holding another man .
two men wrestling as a referee watches .
two men wrestling .
a dog plays in the water .
a woman in a white tank top and green shorts is swinging her eyes .
a group of young people competing in a race .
a dog retrieving a stick .
a woman standing on a sidewalk next to a store .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is picking up trash .
soccer players playing soccer on a field .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
swimmers swimming in a swimming pool .
two swans are swimming .
two swimmers swimming in the water .
a group of people are swimming .
two swans are in the water .
swimmers swimming .
two swans in the water .
a man and a woman are swimming in the water .
a man is looking at something .
a goalie in front of a crowd .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are outside .
tourists taking pictures .
a group of men and women posing for a picture .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person is standing on a boat .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a man surfing a wave .
a man catching a large wave .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
two men are sleeping in a van .
men standing in a circle at night .
two men sleeping in the backseat of a car .
two men are sleeping on a bench .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men working in a kitchen .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man in a suit is talking on his cellphone .
a man reading a newspaper outside .
a man is reading a book .
a man is standing in front of a store .
a child in a blue shirt and jeans is running on the beach .
a boy on a beach .
a child walking through the sand .
a child playing with a toy .
a boy wearing a white hat .
a group of people gather for an event .
a woman wearing an apron .
a woman in an apron is preparing food .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman walking down the street .
an african american woman is working on something .
people are on a yellow car .
a man is doing a handstand on a beach .
two girls playing on a playground .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people taking pictures .
a bride and groom in the background .
a bride and groom are walking on the street .
a bride and groom look at something .
a woman is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man fishing .
a child on the beach .
a boy in a canoe on a river .
a band is playing music .
a boy on a boat in a boat .
a child on a raft .
a child rides a boat on a lake .
a child is playing in the water .
a child floating on a lake .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men are jumping in the air .
two men are walking down the street .
a musician playing the accordion .
a group of people walking on a sidewalk .
two people walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man in a black jacket is walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man jumping into the water .
a biker doing a jump .
a group of people walking down the street .
children posing for a picture .
a man rides a bike .
a bicyclist taking a bike .
a man is performing a trick .
a man rides a bike in the woods .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
people relaxing outside .
a blond woman with blond hair .
two people are sitting at a table .
people sitting on a bench .
a child with a broom on his head .
two people looking at the water .
three men are standing in front of a building .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a young girl is walking in the river .
a child is on a beach near the water .
a girl is taking a walk in a river .
a woman is eating a snack .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing in the snow .
a young child in a bathroom .
a little girl is eating on a bucket .
a baby holding a baby .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is working on a bicycle .
a woman working on a bicycle .
a woman is doing a trick on a bicycle .
a woman is fixing her bike .
a woman working on a bicycle .
a woman and a woman are standing in front of a building .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a woman working on a bicycle .
a child walking down the street .
a boy is riding his bike .
a boy rides his bike .
a boy on a bicycle .
a boy is sitting on his bike .
a man rides a bicycle over a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people with blue hair and blue hair .
a dog runs through the grass .
a young man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of people are gathered in the middle of a city street with a city .
a person riding a bike .
a woman is taking a picture .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a man and woman are smiling .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a group of people having fun .
a girl is laughing while laughing while laughing .
a girl holding a bucket in the ocean .
a girl is laying in the water in the water .
a person surfing in the ocean .
a girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her eyes closed .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a person riding a bike .
a woman walking down a city street .
a woman is riding a bike .
a street performer rides a bike .
a man is running in a rodeo .
a rodeo arena in a rodeo .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man trying to catch a bull while another man watches .
a woman is holding a guitar .
a man fixing a bicycle .
a man and a woman are standing around a building .
group of young men are having a meal in a park .
a group of people are jumping .
a blond woman with blond hair is holding a guitar .
a man is reading a newspaper .
three young men are jumping off a dock .
a group of people riding bikes .
a girl blowing bubbles .
children are listening to music .
three men are jumping .
a little girl is playing tennis .
a group of people are attending a show .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
two people walking around a large building .
a man is pouring something into a pot .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two brown dogs run through a grassy field .
two dogs fighting .
a person riding a bike on a track .
people are standing around a food stand .
a biker rides a bike .
three people standing in line .
a group of people wait at a fair .
people waiting to sell food .
people standing in line for food .
people standing in line at a fair .
a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle .
people standing in line .
football players on a football field .
men working on a house .
a man on a stage .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
three people riding bikes .
a group of men riding bikes .
a mother and child pose for a picture .
a man holding a piece of metal .
kids playing soccer .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two dogs on a couch .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
two brown puppies are playing with a toy bottle .
three puppies on a couch .
two dogs running on a snowy field .
a woman sings into a microphone .
three people standing in the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
police officers at an accident .
two dogs on a dirt road .
two dogs play in the grass .
a little boy in a blue shirt plays with a toy .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
an elderly man rides a cart in a cart .
a man sitting in a wagon .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man riding a horse .
a dirt bike racer is racing .
police officers on the sidewalk .
a girl is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
three men are looking at a store .
an elderly man is sitting in a doorway .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a group of children are playing outside .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco .
a woman running in a marathon .
a man riding a horse in the street .
a person riding a bike .
a cowboy riding a horse .
a parade in a parade .
a man rides a motorcycle on the street .
a man with a rope and a rope .
an old man sitting in a doorway .
a man is giving a presentation .
a man standing next to a sign .
a man holding a sign .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man standing next to a yellow sign .
a man standing next to a sign .
a person is looking down .
a man is fixing a cellphone .
a man is carving something .
two dogs jumping .
a young girl standing outside .
two dogs walk through the snow .
a brown dog runs across a field .
two dogs running in a field .
a brown horse jumps over a fence .
a group of people are standing outside .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a view of a bus .
a surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
people walking down a street .
two children are sitting at a table in front of a window .
a cook is preparing food .
a woman wearing a white dress .
a dog is chasing a horse .
a scuba diver in a swimming pool .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a billboard .
a bird is running through the water .
a young woman playing a guitar .
a young boy with red hair is playing a guitar .
two girls are working on a project .
a woman working at a table .
a motorcycle driving through the mud .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a man in a white shirt is in front of a crowd .
two martial artists compete in a competition .
a man does a trick in the air .
a group of people watching a competition .
a man competing in a martial arts competition .
a person wearing a hat and shorts .
a little boy sleeps on a bench .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of children are gathered outside .
two toddlers are sitting at a table .
two toddlers are sitting at a table .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
two children are sitting at a table .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two toddlers are sitting in a kitchen .
a young boy is brushing his teeth .
a boy is kneeling on the floor .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a young man is sitting on the floor next to an orange cloth .
a young boy kneeling on the floor .
a small boy looking at the camera .
a child wearing a green shirt .
a man walking down the street .
people walking through the woods .
a man dressed in costume .
a man in a suit holding a microphone .
a man playing the violin .
a man in a blue dress plays the violin .
a man is leaning against a wall .
a man in a kilt is playing the violin .
a young man shaving his face .
a man playing the violin .
a group of workers are taking a break .
workers work in a kitchen .
people in a kitchen .
construction workers are working on construction .
workers are taking a break .
people preparing food .
a group of people are preparing a meal .
a man shaving his face .
people smiling .
two men performing a dance .
a woman in a white shirt is working on a line .
a group of people are performing .
two people smiling .
a man and woman are smiling .
a man poses for a picture .
a man is cooking food .
a man handing a woman 's hair .
a small child is sitting in a room .
a group of people hiking on a trail .
a group of people are outside .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of hikers are walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a fish .
a large fish is preparing fish .
a butcher working with fish .
a man looking at a piece of fish .
a man working on a house .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is sitting on a roof .
a man is sitting on a rooftop .
a child plays with rocks .
a group of people making crafts .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at his car .
a car drives by a car .
a man walking down the street .
a woman working on a machine .
a woman wearing an apron .
a chef is preparing food .
a woman preparing food .
a woman in a kitchen is cooking .
two girls hanging upside down .
children hanging upside down .
girls hanging upside down on a park bench .
a dog runs through snow .
two men are sitting at a table .
two people in a room .
two young men are getting ready to perform .
two men holding hands .
two men in a house .
two men holding hands .
two young men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are looking at each other .
a brown and white dog wearing a green collar is running away from the camera .
a dog stands in the snow .
a brown dog is sticking its tongue out .
a black and white dog is pulling a sled .
construction workers are working on a bicycle .
two men are talking to each other .
two men in black shirts are talking to each other .
two people talking to each other .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man is fishing into a fish .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man holding a microphone .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs walk through the woods .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a brown dog is rolling in the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man with a beard .
a man holding a microphone .
a man is giving a speech .
a group of people talking around a table .
a man in a white shirt standing in front of a crowd .
a man is talking to another man .
a man and woman are talking .
two people are talking to a table .
a chef is talking to a group of people .
a chef is preparing food .
a chef is preparing food for customers .
a chef preparing food at a restaurant .
a chef wearing a chef 's hat , gloves , and gloves is taking a break and taking a break .
a group of people in colorful costumes .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people on a stage .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a group of people performing a concert .
a man is looking at a tree .
a man is walking towards a man wearing gloves .
a man is walking past a car .
a worker in a hard hat is working on a piece of machinery .
a man wearing a hard hat and safety vest is welding a tree .
a worker is standing in a lift .
a person working on a ladder .
a worker is working on a tree .
a worker working on a tree .
a man is looking at a tree .
people planting plants .
two people are making a garden .
soccer players playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
men playing soccer .
a woman in a blue shirt is working on a loom .
two girls are laughing .
a young woman is dancing in a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two girls are talking to each other .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman wearing jeans and a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
two boys pulling a wagon .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
two young boys play a game in a field .
two children are standing in front of a trailer .
a woman in a city .
a group of people are walking through snow .
two boys are pushing a red cart .
a man is reading a book .
an elderly couple walking down the street .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man reading a newspaper .
two men are standing at a subway stand .
a man in a blue shirt reading a newspaper .
two dogs on the beach .
a woman is walking in the snow .
a man and a woman sit at a table .
two young boys are sitting on a bench .
two people walking down the street .
a person looking at mountains .
women working on a computer .
people in front of a building .
a woman sits at a table looking at her computer screen .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman working on a laptop .
a man is standing next to a dog .
a little boy plays the drums .
a man and a dog are playing with a toy .
a man is biting a dog .
a man is playing with a dog .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
two people are standing in front of a building .
people are walking in the street .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man performing a trick .
two children in a martial arts class .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt pulling a suitcase .
a young boy slides down a slide .
a family is posing for a picture .
two boys are playing outside .
a man is talking to a woman in a white shirt .
a man standing in front of a podium .
people posing for a picture .
two children are on a boat .
a man in a white shirt is performing a concert .
several men are walking down a street .
a child selling food .
three children are playing outside .
a man is helping another man on a boat .
a girl playing on a sunny day .
a blond girl in a black shirt is standing in the snow .
a group of people are walking in a green field .
a woman is playing the violin .
people walking down the street .
girls playing outside .
children playing soccer .
two girls playing outside .
a group of teenage girls are performing on a bar .
a boy and a girl are in a classroom .
a group of girls wearing white dresses .
a man is looking at a fire .
a man looking at a car .
a man looking at a firetruck .
a man is riding a bike .
dancers performing on stage .
a kid rides his bike on a bike .
a woman looks at a young child .
a woman holding a young boy .
a woman with a backpack and a backpack is walking towards a school .
a woman holding an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
a woman and a child running on a rainy day .
a woman and a young girl are laughing .
a woman is walking with a boy .
a woman walks with her child .
a young boy is walking down the street .
a person in a red shirt is standing on a rock .
a woman stands in front of a crowd .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a woman is standing in front of a fireplace .
two women are walking down the street .
people gather outside .
a man on a bicycle .
a man riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a cyclist rides a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man is playing soccer .
a man in a baseball uniform throws a baseball .
a man throwing a ball .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is throwing a baseball .
a man throwing a baseball .
a man holding a baseball bat .
a person in a yellow shirt is running .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
people are walking down a city street .
two people in a park .
two women are playing in front of a door .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
two skiers on a mountain .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
people at a park .
a child playing golf .
a group of men are carrying equipment .
people sitting on a bench .
two children are laying in a room .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
two children in a bed .
a group of kids are playing in a store .
two people are laying in a department store .
two children in a store .
a child is holding something .
a girl climbing a rock .
a man wearing glasses and a hat is eating a meal .
a child plays in the grass .
a group of children are gathered together .
four women are standing next to each other .
a man climbing a rock face .
people standing in front of a doorway .
a young woman climbing a wall .
four construction workers taking a break .
a man is driving a tractor .
two children are sitting at a table .
a group of children are playing with food .
a group of children are preparing food .
a group of students at school .
a group of people are painting a picture .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man paddles a wave .
a person is riding a wave .
a group of men are jumping over a fence .
two people are jumping up in the air .
three people smiling at the camera .
two men jumping into the air .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs running .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
two men , one wearing a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing together .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt .
three men are talking to each other .
a person is looking at the city .
a group of people playing video games .
two boys playing video games .
two people are playing a video game .
two men are standing next to each other .
a young boy and girl playing in the water .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person waiting for a bus stop .
a man laying on a bench .
a man selling graffiti .
three men having a conversation .
women walking .
a group of people at a ceremony .
a boy and a girl play in a flooded street .
two dogs run after each other .
a woman wearing a black shirt and jeans is using a cellphone .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs wrestle on the beach .
two dogs on the beach .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man running down a field .
a man is running in front of a crowd .
a man is running in front of a crowd .
a girl is holding hands .
a girl is holding a ball .
a little girl is playing with a balloon .
a girl throwing a ball .
a group of people on a boat .
a girl jumping up on a trampoline .
people playing in the ocean .
a man is walking down the street .
a girl playing in a park .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man is sitting on a car .
the snow is snow .
a man and a woman are looking at a projector .
a girl is giving a thumbs up to a crowd .
a young girl holding a camera .
two women are having a conversation .
two women are working in front of a hut .
two asian women are working on a project .
two women working in front of a hut .
two asian women are doing crafts .
a man is carving something .
a family is riding on an amusement park ride .
four dogs are looking at something .
an older man smiling .
a man stands near a lake .
a baby is chewing on a toy .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a man is standing next to a construction site .
a man sitting on a bench .
a baby plays with a blue toy .
a baby is walking down the street .
a child plays in a chair .
a baby in the sun .
a baby plays with a toy .
a girl wearing a harness .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
two people walk down the street .
two people are looking at each other in a room .
two people are talking .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting next to a man .
a young girl is sitting on the floor in front of a man sitting on a chair .
a girl in a white shirt is standing in front of a man .
a mother plays with her daughter .
a mother and her daughter are laughing .
a mother and her daughter are swinging on a swing .
a mother pushes her child on a swing .
a woman pushes a girl on a swing .
a man is working on a dirt road .
two people pose for a picture .
a market full of vegetables .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a child is looking at something .
a young child wearing a pink shirt is standing in a street .
a child walking through town .
a child in a pink shirt is crying .
an old man reading a newspaper .
a person pushing a cart full of bags .
a skateboarder is wearing a helmet .
a man rides a skateboard .
a man walking down the street .
a skateboarder in a dark room .
a skateboarder doing tricks on a skateboard .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a child holding a red balloon .
a man is getting a haircut .
a boy is getting a haircut .
a dog jumps into the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a young girl is standing in front of a young girl .
two children are playing in the woods .
two children are on a bridge .
two young girls are standing in front of trees in the air .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
two people hugging each other .
a little girl is hugging her brother .
people are carrying backpacks .
two children hugging each other .
a dog jumps over a log in the sand .
an older man is talking to a young woman .
a man in a suit is speaking to a crowd .
an older man and woman stand in front of each other .
an older man and woman are standing on a sunny day talking on a sunny day .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a kilt is juggling bowling balls .
a man in a black coat is waving a parade .
a man is playing an instrument .
a family taking a picture .
a man walking a dog .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking his dog .
a person walking a dog .
a man is making balloon balloons .
a man standing on a roof .
two football players are playing football .
a girl on a beach .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a child with an orange shirt on .
a young girl walking down the street .
a street performer playing the bagpipes .
a man is walking down the street .
a man taking a break from a group of people .
a man stands in front of a window .
a man is taking a break in front of a store .
a man is standing in front of a store .
two men looking at a man in a white shirt .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a car .
a man with a beard is standing next to a car .
a group of people walking down a street .
a man is standing next to a car .
a man riding a bike .
a man riding a bicycle on a busy street .
a man riding a bike .
a group of people are performing .
a man on a bike .
kids playing soccer .
a child is standing on a rock .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
three people hiking through the forest .
three men in shorts walk along a river .
a man is taking a picture of a bus .
a dog is running through the grass .
children playing in a creek .
a dog runs along a stream .
a dog running through the grass .
a young girl helps a young girl in a classroom .
a woman is talking to a young girl .
a woman is helping a young girl how to do something .
people walking down a street .
people riding down a road .
people are standing in front of a truck .
a tractor in the back of a tractor in the back of a truck while people watch .
a group of people talking .
a man is sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
two women walking down the street .
a woman playing a guitar .
two women are sitting in a tent .
two women sitting in a tent .
two women are walking under a tent .
people walking down a street .
people relaxing in a tent .
a couple sitting in a tent .
a man playing a guitar while another man watches .
two people are sitting in a tent .
a man is sleeping in the middle of an office .
two girls dancing at a concert .
two female wrestlers in a ring .
a man is standing on top of a platform .
a man is standing next to a trailer .
a large pile of items .
a man is cutting a piece of paper .
a construction worker working on scaffolding .
a man in a white shirt is working on a construction site .
a man standing on a ladder .
a man is standing on a balcony holding a tool .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is looking down .
a man with no shirt on .
a man looking out over the balcony .
a man looking at the sun .
a shirtless man is climbing a rock .
a woman stands next to a statue .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man and a woman pose in front of a statue of a statue .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
two soccer players , one wearing blue and white .
two people are playing soccer .
people in a restaurant .
a girl sits on a playground .
a person with a backpack is walking down a flight of stairs .
a little girl is sitting on a merry go round on a merry go round .
a girl on a merry go round .
two men dancing on a stage .
a child is holding a yellow balloon .
a man wearing glasses looking at a dog .
a football player is trying to tackle the ball .
two girls are sitting in chairs and talking .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a girl is sitting in a chair .
a man stands next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man is looking at something .
a policeman is waiting to cross the road to cross the road .
a dog runs across the street .
a dog walks through the snow .
a dog runs on the street .
two soccer players compete in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of people are swimming .
a group of people are gathered around a fence .
a group of people are pouring water .
a group of people are swimming in the desert .
a woman is holding a piece of paper .
an older man is selling traffic in the road .
four women are standing in front of a class .
a group of people having a conversation .
a young woman taking a picture with her camera .
a woman wearing a yellow dress and a yellow dress .
a man wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
two men cleaning a tree .
two football players are competing in a game .
construction workers are working on a building .
a group of men jogging .
a man is rock climbing .
a young man shaving in a mirror .
a man shaving his face .
a man with a beard and glasses .
a man using a razor .
a guy shaving his beard in a bathroom .
a man shaving his beard .
a boy in a blue shirt is running away from a woman .
a girl on a swing .
a young boy is sliding down a hill .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a child playing in the snow .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are eating .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people standing around a table .
three people are eating around a tree .
a group of people are sitting on benches .
two older men are holding hands in their hands .
a man in a straw hat and a hat is selling items .
a young man wearing a straw hat .
two men talking to each other .
a man holding a camera .
a group of people are standing outside .
people sitting outside .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a woman with a towel on her head is standing next to a bucket .
a woman in a white dress is smiling .
a woman in a towel in a towel .
a man is standing next to a bucket .
a woman is sitting in front of a bucket in front of a bucket .
a group of people are having drinks .
a group of people gathered around tables .
a woman holding a bucket .
a woman is holding a bucket .
a person is standing outside .
a woman is sitting on a fence .
a woman is standing next to a fence with a bucket .
a group of dancers are standing around .
a little girl is doing a handstand .
a toddler is sliding down the street .
a child climbing a rock .
a bride and groom taking pictures .
a woman is talking to a man .
a group of people are standing in a park .
a group of people are gathered outside .
an elderly man is speaking to a woman in front of a wall .
a group of children standing in front of a group of children .
two people are walking at night .
a construction crew is working on a ramp .
three workers working on railroad tracks .
three construction workers are standing next to a dirt ramp .
three men are working on a road .
three construction workers work on a dirt ramp .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a group of people playing in the sand .
a man plays with a child .
a man is sitting on a stool .
three men standing on a rocky hillside .
people sitting on a rock .
people are sitting on a bench .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a group of people are sitting outside .
three people taking a break from a hike .
a man is standing next to a food stand .
people are selling food from a street vendor .
a child is making a mop .
a man sleeping on a bench .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
three people are standing next to a crane .
two people are working at work .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
a bulldozer digging a hole .
children sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a person stands next to a graffiti covered wall .
a woman in a tank top and jeans is loading a bread .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a box .
a woman in a kitchen .
a woman stands next to a sink .
a young man in a white shirt is dancing in front of a crowd .
a brown dog running .
children paddling through muddy water .
two boys rowing a boat .
two boys playing in a canoe .
two boys are walking across the water .
a man walking down the street .
a street vendor selling food .
two children in a boat .
people are walking on the street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is looking at something .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is standing with his eyes closed .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a
a person wearing a black jacket is walking down the street .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a leather jacket is walking .
a worker in a safety vest and goggles and goggles .
a man wearing a yellow vest is taking a break .
a man in a green and yellow shirt is looking .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a boy laying down on the ground .
a man on a basketball court .
a group of people are outside .
a woman holding a stick .
a man is surfing a wave .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man playing football .
a man watching a football game .
a soccer player wearing a red and white uniform .
a man watching a football game .
a man is watching a football game .
a woman playing tennis .
a man is standing in the water .
a clown blows bubbles .
basketball players playing basketball .
two men are sitting on a bench .
people are walking in the city .
men sitting on a bench in front of a billboard .
men sitting on a bench outside .
people sitting outside .
two men are walking down the street .
a skateboarder does a trick .
two men sitting on a bench .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two men sitting next to each other .
two men are sitting next to each other in front of a billboard .
two men sitting next to each other .
a rollerblader is jumping in the air .
a boy is doing a handstand on a skateboard .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a kid on a skateboard .
a man with his arm around a woman .
a man is standing next to a window .
a man is standing outside of a window .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man is doing a flip .
a man sleeping in the grass .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is reading a book in a field .
a man reading a book .
a motorcycle with a dog in the air .
a man and a woman are riding horses .
a man riding a motorcycle with his dog .
a clown is laughing .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man smiling .
a man wearing glasses is driving a vehicle .
a man playing a guitar .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a dog chases a cat .
a cat bites at a dog .
a dog is biting a cat in its mouth .
a dog is standing next to a cat .
two dogs are fighting each other .
a boy is digging in the snow .
a person is digging a hole .
a cat bites at a dog .
a boy is raking leaves .
a dog plays with a cat .
a brown dog is licking a brown cat .
a child plays with a toy .
two men wearing blue shirts are playing tennis .
people are standing on a bridge .
a child plays with a toy .
a couple looking at the water .
people are crossing a lake .
a little girl playing with a toy lawn mower .
a group of people in a room .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman is swimming in the water .
a group of people are talking .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a hat .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a boy is hanging upside down .
a man is taking a break .
a family is having fun .
people standing in front of a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
people standing outside of a store .
a girl playing volleyball .
a volleyball player hitting the ball .
a woman playing volleyball .
a woman playing volleyball .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a man is fixing a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is working on a machine at a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is operating a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a machine with a machine in the background .
a woman is standing on the street .
a group of people are standing around a construction site .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a group of people are gathered near a castle .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man smoking a cigarette .
people eating in a kitchen .
a boy on a tire swing .
a group of women are smiling .
a group of women standing and looking at something .
people in a kitchen .
a group of young men are cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people are at a party .
a young woman and a young woman are sitting in a kitchen while a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a group of people in a room .
people in a kitchen .
a group of people are gathered around a house .
a group of people riding horses .
two jockeys riding horses .
two jockeys racing .
jockeys riding horses .
a jockey jumps over a hurdle .
men doing maintenance .
the white and white dog is wearing a white and white shirt .
a woman in a white dress is dancing .
a tractor driving down the road .
a group of people sitting on a wall .
a woman in a costume with a purse .
a woman in a costume .
a man riding a dirt bike .
a woman in a costume .
a person is putting something on a piece of paper .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is sitting on the ground .
a young boy sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting on the ground .
a young boy is sitting on the ground .
five men wearing suits .
a child is holding hands .
two dogs play in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a little boy sits in a small chair .
a toddler in a green shirt sits in a courtyard .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a man is crossing the street .
a man stands in front of a red car .
a man waiting to cross the road .
a truck parked next to a truck .
two people posing for a picture .
children playing basketball .
people are walking in a field .
kids playing a game .
basketball players playing basketball .
a group of basketball players playing basketball .
a group of people are playing soccer .
basketball players playing basketball .
a group of people playing soccer .
four people are walking down the street .
people sleeping on a bench .
an artist drawing a portrait .
people playing on a sidewalk .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people having fun .
a group of children are sitting on a rock on a rock .
children playing on a sidewalk .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a blue shirt fight .
three men are playing basketball .
a girl is riding a bicycle at night .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman rides a bicycle down a street .
people sitting in a carriage .
a woman walking down the street .
a boy is pulling a red cart .
a girl rides a bike .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a girl is riding a bike down a street .
a girl is pulling a cart in a cart .
a girl is pushing a bike .
a woman riding a bike .
a man is fishing .
three people are crossing a pond .
a man is sitting in front of a table with a baby and a man in a white shirt and glasses .
a man playing a guitar .
two musicians playing instruments .
a man and a child are playing music .
a man plays with a baby .
a construction worker is working on the ground .
a group of people at a farm .
a group of people in a field .
a guy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is picking up trash .
a man in a green shirt is cleaning a tree .
a man is picking up trash .
a man is standing in the middle of a field .
a man is walking down the street .
people are walking down the street .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people are standing in the water .
two men looking over a railing on a ledge .
two people are looking at the water .
people are walking down a street .
two people at a fence .
people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a group of children playing together .
two men are sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting on a bus .
two children hugging each other .
a boy and girl swimming in a pool .
two people playing a game .
two children hugging each other .
a snowboarder jumps in the air .
people are on a boat .
two women are looking out of a telescope .
a child and a boy are sitting on a boat .
two girls on a boat .
two construction workers lean against the water .
two construction workers working on a tree .
two men working on a construction project .
two men are cleaning garbage .
two men work in a foreign country .
two men are cleaning up a block .
two men in uniform playing soccer .
men in orange uniforms are working .
two men in blue shirts are working on a street corner .
a man preparing food .
a man working with his hands .
a man and a woman are fishing .
a man is looking at the water .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a boy stands in front of a body of water .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is holding her arm in her left arm while holding her arm in her mouth .
a man and a woman are on a river .
a group of people are making art .
an elderly woman is holding an umbrella .
a man is jogging on a trail .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is crossing the street .
a man running in a field .
a musician playing an instrument .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man performing a trick .
a child riding a motorcycle .
a group of men are gathered around a table .
a group of men are working together .
a little boy is sliding downhill .
a boy rides a bike .
a boy rides a bike .
a boy in a yellow shirt is riding a dirt bike .
a man is riding a vehicle .
a person in a helmet rides a dirt bike over a dirt hill .
two men are looking at a board .
a young child rides a dirt bike .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a group of women are dancing .
a group of women in black and black .
a group of people standing around a table .
a roller derby team roller derby .
two girls hugging each other .
a woman skating on a roller coaster .
a girl slides down a track .
a man climbs a cement structure .
a roller derby girl in a roller derby .
cheerleaders racing down a track .
a young girl slides down a track .
a gymnast is getting ready to hit the ball .
two children laughing .
a man doing a handstand on a roller coaster .
a person is hanging from a jungle gym .
four teenagers are looking through a microscope .
a group of women in a crowd .
a gymnast performs on a balance beam .
a person is sitting at a table with chopsticks .
a group of people standing outside .
a man in a plaid shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
a man is making pottery .
a group of people dancing in the city .
a woman in a white shirt is painting .
a little girl is playing with hay .
a man is dancing .
a child plays in a pile of leaves .
a woman in a blue shirt holding a baby .
a woman is competing in a competition .
a young girl picking up a snowball .
a child playing in the snow .
a young girl slides down a snowy hill .
a child is sliding down a snowy hill .
a little girl is pushing snow .
a man riding a bicycle .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person wearing a backpack .
a girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
people walking down the street .
a child on a skateboard .
a child carries a child .
a woman walking along a bridge .
two football players playing football .
a person with a red backpack on .
a person on a pier .
a man is standing on a dock .
two men boxing each other .
a man is jumping off the ground .
a baby is sitting in a swing .
people are working on a project .
a couple posing in front of a large building .
people in front of a church .
two men are standing outside .
a man in a kilt stands in front of a crowd of people standing in front of him .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man with long hair is playing a drum .
a man playing the drums .
a man with long hair plays a drum .
two men are looking at the camera .
football players playing football .
a man smiling .
a man holding a stuffed animal .
a man is making a christmas present .
a man is holding a stick .
a man holding a stuffed animal .
a man is posing in front of a camera .
a man in a black shirt and jeans is standing on his shoulder .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are running on a pier .
people running .
three people are standing outside .
a group of men playing soccer .
two men are standing in the street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three guys are sitting on steps .
two men are sitting on a bench .
three people are walking down the street .
two dogs biting each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are shaking their teeth .
two dogs standing outside .
a man is kneeling in the water with a bucket .
a young boy is playing the piano .
a boy is playing the piano .
a young boy playing piano .
football players pose for a picture .
a boy playing the drums .
two dogs are playing tug of war .
a person on a dirt path .
a group of people are looking at a camel .
two people leaning against a railing .
three women are shopping at the beach at the beach .
three friends are sitting by a lake .
a group of teenagers are playing in the water .
a man is walking down a busy street .
a group of people in a race .
a group of dancers performing on stage .
a crowd of people watching a performance .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a crowd watching a crowd of people .
men dancing .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a large crowd of people .
four men are performing a concert .
a woman is walking down a street .
dancers dancing in front of a crowd .
three people are talking .
a group of people are having a party .
a man and woman talking to each other .
people sitting at tables .
a snow covered mountain .
three women are sitting at a table .
three men talking to each other .
a group of people talking .
two men talking to each other .
a man and woman are cutting something .
a boy on a beach .
a group of people are gathered around a building .
a man with sunglasses on his head .
a bald man wearing a shirt .
a man in a suit is looking at the camera .
a man is holding glasses .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a van with christmas flags in the background .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a boy selling shoes on the street .
an elderly woman is standing in a shopping center .
a boy is standing next to a tree .
women sitting at a bench .
a girl is standing in a room .
a group of people are swimming .
a man eating ice cream .
a woman swims with a ball .
a group of people playing volleyball .
people at a restaurant .
a man is standing next to a building next to a building .
two people are standing outside .
a black and white dog is walking through the snow .
the brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog walking across the snow .
two men fishing in the ocean .
two men are on a boat in the water .
two men on a boat in the ocean .
two men fishing on a boat .
two people in a boat .
a person on a street .
a little girl is sitting at a table eating something .
a girl is laughing .
a girl is sitting in a coffee shop .
a girl is holding a cup .
a man rides a bike .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking under an awning .
people watching a performance .
people walking down the street .
a mother and her children are outside .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a group of people at the beach .
a man with a white beard is sitting on a bench .
a group of people at night .
a group of people at a rally .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people walking down a street .
a busy city street .
a group of people walk along a river .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
a group of people playing instruments and playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a dog in a field .
a woman holding a purse .
a woman working on a machine .
a man walking down the street .
a guy on a skateboard .
a black and white dog is chasing a white ball .
a black and white dog chases a brown dog .
a group of dogs stand outside .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a skateboarder with a red baseball cap .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a boy does a skateboard trick .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
two men posing for a picture .
a man holding a camera .
two men posing for a picture .
two men posing for a picture .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
two men posing for a picture .
two men pose for a picture .
two men standing in front of a sign .
two people are having fun .
two men are hanging out .
two men are talking to each other .
two men are hanging out of a building .
a group of men are hanging out .
a man parasailing over the ocean .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man playing a video game .
a man wearing a black jacket and a black jacket .
a girl is jumping .
a girl is jumping on a couch .
a little girl is jumping on a couch .
a little girl jumping off a couch .
a girl jumping from a couch .
a group of people enjoying the day .
two girls playing in the water .
a group of people playing soccer .
children playing outside .
a woman standing next to a sign .
a little girl playing in the water .
two children are playing outside .
two children in a forest .
two children hugging each other on a swing .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman sitting at a store counter .
a woman sitting in a shop .
a woman sitting in a chair .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is sitting in a chair in a store .
a lady sitting in a chair .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a person laying on a deck .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a police officer waving .
three people walking through a gate .
a man working on a roof .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking .
a boy is standing in a crowd .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
a group of children are dancing in front of a crowd .
a man in a suit .
a man on a street corner .
a group of soldiers are participating in a parade .
a woman sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are riding horses in front of a crowd .
a group of people on horses .
two men in military uniforms .
a boy holding a ball .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
an elderly woman is holding a peace sign in her mouth .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a boy holding a white ball .
a man walking down the street .
a boy with a ball in his mouth .
a young boy playing volleyball .
a young boy playing volleyball .
a young boy in a bathing suit plays volleyball .
a young boy in a suit is smiling .
a group of boys in bathing suits playing volleyball .
a woman with sunglasses is looking at a map while looking at a map .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a little boy is sitting next to a girl .
a little girl is standing next to a boy 's head .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a map .
children are playing in the water .
a group of people playing instruments .
five men are playing instruments .
a group of children are playing outside .
people playing instruments .
the image of a living room .
a band plays in a living room .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of children playing soccer .
a baby is walking down the street .
a little boy is picking up a rock .
a girl in a pink dress is standing outside .
a girl in a pink dress is standing outside .
a baby in a pink dress .
a little girl is sitting on a stone platform .
a baby is climbing a stone structure .
a dog chases a toy .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing on a rock .
a little girl poses on a rock wall .
a baby is brushing her teeth .
a baby is sitting on a wall .
a girl on a wall .
a man standing in front of a building .
two men talking to each other .
a man is selling goods on a street .
two men are talking to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to another man .
two dogs play in a field .
a basketball player attempts to hit the ball .
two women working on something .
a young girl is smiling .
people playing instruments .
a clown gives a sword .
three people are performing .
three musicians performing on stage .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a little girl is playing on a playground .
a person is getting ready to cross the side of a cliff .
a girl wearing a coat is looking at art .
a girl wearing a coat .
a young girl holds her finger in her mouth .
a young boy wearing a black jacket .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a girl in a red coat is holding her finger in her mouth .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a bike rider flies through the air .
a soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
a boy is running down the street .
a boy is playing soccer .
people walking down a busy street .
a boy playing soccer .
two dogs look at each other .
a runner is waving .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
two dogs are biting each other .
two dogs biting each other .
two dogs in the snow .
a black dog is looking at a black dog .
a brown and white dog with a white collar on .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs biting each other .
a man with glasses is sitting at a table .
a group of people are smiling .
three people are talking .
two men are talking outside .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are protesting .
a group of people are looking at something .
a child stands in front of water .
a child stands in the water .
a boy walks his dog .
a child walking a dog .
a child and a child at the shore .
a boy walks in front of a lake .
a child and a dog walk along the beach .
a child and a boy in front of a lake .
two women sitting on a bench outside .
two women walk down the street .
a person looking off into the distance .
a blond woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman looking at a man .
a person in a red shirt sitting on a bench .
a man and woman are sitting at a table at a table .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
two people sit at a table with a crowd watching .
a man is walking down the street .
a baseball player about to catch a ball .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a man is looking at something .
a soccer player jumps into the air .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is kneeling down in front of a woman .
a man and a woman are laughing while another man looks on .
two women , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are laughing .
a woman is holding a string in her hand .
a man and a woman look at each other .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman posing for a picture .
a child stands in front of rocks .
a small boy is playing in the water .
a person walking down the street .
a young boy is walking down a street .
a woman is taking a picture .
construction workers are working outside .
two puppies are laying down on a couch .
two dogs are fighting .
three puppies are laughing .
a snow covered mountain .
there is a blue sky .
two men working on a boat .
a young man playing a game .
a brown dog is biting another dog .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is standing on a rock .
two dogs are swimming .
a group of children wait for school .
a little girl in a pink dress with her daughter in her lap .
a little girl waits for her mother as she waits for her mother .
a mother and her daughter at school .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a little girl is waiting for a ride .
children standing next to a gate .
a group of students are sitting outside .
a man paddles a wave .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is parasailing on the side of the water .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a person is flying over the ocean .
a person is standing on a snowboard .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a bmx rider jumps through the air .
children are walking along a staircase .
four women are working together .
a man in a suit .
a man in a black shirt and black pants .
a construction site in a construction site .
a construction site in the middle of a building .
a construction worker working on the ground .
a construction worker stands outside .
a construction worker is sitting on the ground next to a construction site .
a man wearing a scarf .
a black and white dog is biting its teeth with its teeth .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
two dogs play in the grass .
a nurse in a hospital room .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of medical professionals are working .
people watching a group of people watching .
a nurse is looking at something .
a woman with a hammer .
a person jumping off the ground .
a man is shoveling rocks .
two people riding horses .
three dogs running in the grass .
a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is on a horse .
a man riding a white horse .
a person riding a horse .
two men looking into the distance .
a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is standing in front of a fence .
a man riding a horse .
people in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
two girls are laughing .
two dogs running .
two men wearing hats .
a woman wearing glasses is smiling .
a group of people taking a picture .
a woman in a white dress and a woman wearing a white shirt .
a woman wearing glasses is smiling .
a woman in a black dress is holding a camera .
a woman wearing glasses is smiling .
a woman in a white shirt is talking .
a dog takes a picture .
a worker stands in front of a machine in front of a machine .
a woman in a tuxedo with a camera .
two women playing instruments outside .
a man in a black shirt laughing at a dog .
a man singing into a microphone .
a baby is playing in the water .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a baby holding a baby .
a newborn baby in a hospital .
a baby holding a baby .
a baby is holding a baby in a bathtub .
a dog runs on the beach .
two dogs play with a toy in the sand .
a group of people standing in front of a large statue .
four men sitting on the ground next to a trash bag .
a group of people are getting ready to get some sort of food .
a group of protesters are protesting up .
a person in a red shirt is kneeling in front of a firetruck .
a man in a black and white outfit is running .
a girl on the stairs .
a clown is playing with balloons .
a woman is smiling .
a woman in a coat is walking down the street .
a brown dog is sitting on the ground .
a woman wearing black .
two people are sitting on the ground .
two climbers climbing a rock .
a man is standing in a construction site .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man talking .
a man holding a flag .
a boy in a blue shirt rides a skateboard .
people shopping at a market .
two dogs playing together .
a man is giving a lecture .
a man sitting in front of a building .
a soldier giving a speech .
people are selling produce on the side of the street on the street .
a teacher stands in front of a classroom .
a man in a military uniform gives a presentation .
a young boy plays with a toy .
two men are walking down the street .
people are waiting for sale .
a boy throwing leaves .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is running on the beach .
people walking down the street .
an asian man holding a flag in a parade .
a child playing in the ocean .
two dogs playing in the grass .
two men playing soccer .
a worker in a hard hat is working .
children playing in water .
a man in a red shirt is watching the crowd .
three people are standing outside .
a group of people are standing by a fountain .
a woman and a child are playing in a fountain .
two children are playing in the water in the water .
a man walking down the street .
a parade in a parade .
a man in a hard hat is working on a fire .
a man is standing next to a motorcycle .
a man wearing a backpack .
a photographer taking a picture .
a man is walking down the street .
two people standing next to a waterfall .
two people are standing near a body of water .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping in the ocean .
a man is using a hammer .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a man in a suit looks at the camera .
a man in a green shirt is looking out over a telescope .
a man is cutting wood .
a man working with computers .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a man is cutting something .
a man in a brown jacket reaching his hand .
a woman laying on a rock .
a couple enjoying dinner .
people eating at a restaurant .
a couple enjoying a meal .
two people are eating a meal .
a man wearing a suit .
a band performs in front of a band .
two women are sitting and looking at a book .
two people singing and playing guitar .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is reading a book .
a group of girls are playing with a book .
a young boy is smiling at the camera .
a little boy sits next to a pier .
people walking in the park .
two women eating dinner .
a young man jumping in the air .
a man is playing pool .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a crowd watches a man in a suit .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man with a black shirt and black pants is smoking a cigarette with a black and white dog .
a man in a hard hat is looking at something .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a woman wearing a skirt and skirt is dancing .
a woman in a black dress and a black skirt is dancing .
a man and a woman in a house .
a woman is being helped by a woman .
a young girl rides a bicycle .
two elderly women are walking down the street .
people riding bikes .
a river in a river .
a large bridge passes by a bridge .
a bicyclist is riding down a river .
a man playing basketball .
three men are standing in a theater .
a man and a woman watch as a man watches .
police officers are standing outside .
a young boy is giving a thumbs up .
a man is sitting next to a green cart next to a green cart .
a man in a white shirt stands in front of a crowd .
two men are walking down the street .
a brown and white dog playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a man swims in the water .
a woman is bowling .
a crowd of people are shopping .
a dog runs through the water .
a group of people taking a break .
a person taking a picture .
two construction workers are working on a project .
a man and a woman are hugging each other .
a couple kissing and kissing .
two men working on a building .
a man and a woman are outside .
people sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a dock .
a man sitting on a dock .
two people sitting on a bench .
people are reading a book .
a man and woman are talking to each other .
a man and woman are reading a book .
two people are standing outside .
a man and woman are reading newspapers .
people are reading a newspaper .
a man is walking towards the camera .
three people wearing hats .
two women sitting on the ground .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is carrying a bag .
a child is throwing a frisbee .
a man throwing a ball .
a girl is standing next to a dog .
a little girl plays with a dog .
a man with a backpack walks down a paved path carrying a bag .
cheerleaders are standing on a field .
a chef is standing next to a table .
two people walking down the street .
people shopping at a coffee shop .
a man sits at a restaurant .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a chef is working at a restaurant .
a dog chases a dog .
two dogs run after each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog chases a tennis ball .
an old man is working on the sidewalk .
a man in a swimming pool .
a person in a swimming pool .
two people swimming in a pool .
a man is swimming in a pool .
a child holding a child .
a man and a little boy are swimming in a lake .
two men are playing in the water .
a father and his son enjoying the day .
a man and a boy are swimming in a pool .
people swimming in water .
two people are swimming .
a man and a woman are playing in the water .
two people are standing in the water .
two people are standing in the water .
a man and a boy swimming .
a man is helping a child how to swim .
people are swimming in the water .
a man and a child are swimming in a lake .
two men playing in water .
two men swimming in the water .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a crowd gathers for a crowd .
a group of people looking at art in a museum .
a man playing an accordion .
a man in a santa hat plays the guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a santa hat is playing a guitar .
people are working on a project .
a little girl is sitting on a couch .
a baseball player is throwing a baseball .
two women are cooking .
a person in a black coat and blue jeans is bowling in a room with people in the background .
a group of men dressed in formal attire .
a man working on an art sculpture .
a child is sitting on a stone wall .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman and a child look at art .
two people walking down the street .
a statue of a statue .
a group of men are riding bikes .
a group of men are riding bikes .
a statue of a statue .
a statue of a statue .
a statue of a statue .
a young man is sitting down .
two men are walking through a shopping center .
a group of people are walking through a shopping center .
people shopping in a shopping center .
two people are shopping in a shopping center .
two men are standing in a shopping center in a shopping center .
a young man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two boys playing outside .
a bicyclist on a dirt road .
a group of children are on a dirt road .
two young boys are standing on a bicycle .
two boys on a dirt road .
two people are picking fruit .
two boys are getting ready to cross the street .
a group of boys holding fruit .
two young boys are picking up trash into a bicycle .
two boys are carrying fruit .
a brown dog walking .
two teenagers are sitting in a park bench .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman is applying makeup .
two women waiting for herself .
two girls sitting on a bench talking to each other .
two girls are playing outside .
two women are smiling .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a table .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is operating a crane .
a person snowboarding .
a man sleeping at a table .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is playing in the snow .
a dog with its mouth open .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a man in a blue shirt is looking over a railing .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a child rides a skateboard .
a baby is playing with a toy .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are skiing .
people are playing instruments .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a band is performing on stage .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
an elderly man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a man is looking down .
a woman sitting outside a shop .
a group of dogs are pulling a sled through the snow .
a man is standing in front of a truck .
people at a parade .
a group of people are standing in front of a truck .
a white truck and a blue truck .
a group of people are standing in front of a truck .
four people are working on a truck .
four people are working on a truck .
a group of people on a street corner .
a couple walking down the street .
a truck with many flags on it .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a young girl is running through a library .
a child is standing on a rock .
a library in front of a library .
children playing in the water .
a man is standing next to a car .
a group of people are walking on the roof of a building .
two people are taking a break .
a man and a woman are getting ready to take a break to take a break .
a baby in a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking food .
a street vendor selling food .
a street vendor selling fruit .
a dark haired man in a black shirt is using a fruit .
three women holding bags .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a young woman in a black shirt walking .
a woman wearing shorts and a blue shirt .
a girl is walking down a road .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy is talking on a cellphone .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a young boy is standing in front of a microphone .
a small child is taking a picture of a puppet .
a man and woman are smiling .
a man in a white shirt is holding hands .
a street performer walks down the street .
basketball players playing basketball .
a white bird in the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a hiker walking in the snow .
two young women are dancing .
a person is walking down the street .
people are watching a tennis match .
people dancing .
a teacher is standing in front of a classroom .
a man is opening a book .
a teacher in front of a group of children .
a man is opening a book .
a man is sitting on a bench .
four people are sitting at a table .
a little girl is riding a pony .
a man is walking down the street .
a young child is showing a young child how to do something .
a child riding a horse .
a girl riding a horse .
a father and his son are walking in the water .
a dog runs on the floor .
a man and a boy walk down a path .
people walking near water .
a group of people are on stage .
a woman playing tennis .
people watching a performance .
a group of people are standing outside .
a dancer in a pink dress .
a woman drinks from a glass .
a woman in a suit is laughing .
a band performs at a concert .
a man is drinking a drink in a building .
people walking down a street .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a woman is holding a glass glass .
a snowboarder in a blue jacket is snowboarding .
a snowboarder in a blue , green , and green snowsuit is flying down the side of the mountain .
a snowboarder snowboarding down a mountain .
a man snowboarding down a mountain .
a snowboarder on a mountain .
a snowboarder in a blue jacket snowboarding down a slope .
a snowboarder is snowboarding .
a mountain covered mountain .
a person is riding a board in the snow .
a person snowboarding .
a girl in a black shirt is standing in a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a card .
a man in a lab vest is cutting something .
a woman wearing a black shirt .
a woman in a laboratory .
people walking on a path .
a group of people are standing on a hillside with mountains in the background .
a group of people on a snowy day .
a street vendor drives down the street .
a group of people standing outside .
a teacher teaching a class of students .
a man writing on a chalkboard .
a man writing on a piece of paper .
a man is writing on a chalkboard .
a man in a striped sweater writing .
a man is writing on a piece of paper .
a man in a striped shirt is reading a book .
two girls playing outside .
two girls climbing in the forest .
two young girls are climbing up a tree with a tree in the background .
two girls are jumping in the air .
a girl climbing a tree .
children standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are preparing food .
a brown dog is biting a man in a white shirt .
a man in a black jacket is walking down a street .
a woman is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man is falling into the air .
two girls are talking to each other .
three band members are playing the drums .
a child is sitting in a chair .
people are sitting on a floor .
a group of people look on .
a young boy in a market .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the ice .
a man is cooking ice cream .
people walking under umbrellas .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is ice cream .
a woman watches another woman .
a young boy in a swimming pool .
a couple walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is eating a pink liquid .
a group of people wearing suits .
a man eating a meal .
a man is eating .
a man is eating ice cream .
two dogs play in the snow .
a little girl in a pink shirt is crying .
a person sitting next to a fence .
a construction worker drilling a piece of wood .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man working on a ladder .
a construction worker doing construction work .
a construction worker grinding a beam .
a man working on a piece of metal .
a man is welding .
a man in a blue shirt is working .
a worker wearing a mask .
a man is welding .
three men are working on a truck .
a man working on a machine .
a girl is looking at something .
a man holding something .
a child drawing on a chalkboard .
a man pushing a bicycle cart in front of a church .
a girl in a pink and white leotard dances .
people are walking away from a building .
four boys are playing soccer .
a kid on a skateboard .
two men wearing helmets on skateboards on a skateboard .
two dogs play in the grass .
a young man attempts to kick a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt is taking pictures .
a chef is preparing food .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walking through a field .
a small child is looking at the camera .
a cart filled with luggage .
a white dog runs through the grass .
a man is resting his head on his head .
a woman is looking at something in her hand .
a woman holding a cellphone .
a woman looking at a cellphone .
a woman is on a crowded street with her hands in her hand .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
people waiting to cross the street .
people waiting in line in line .
two men are jumping into a lake .
people waiting for something .
a man riding a bike .
a young african american man in an orange shirt is looking at something .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
a group of people are standing together .
a young man rides a bike .
two people are standing outside .
a kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man and a woman in a hospital room .
a woman in a lab coat is cutting a cake with a woman watching .
a man is pouring liquid from a glass .
a man holding a glass glass .
a man working in a lab .
a man is cutting a cake while another woman watches .
a man is using a microscope .
a man cutting a cake while another woman watches .
two people are looking at a microscope .
a man working in a lab .
a man is pouring something from a glass .
a man in a white shirt is performing a trick .
two firefighters are cutting a cake .
a truck is parked on the street with a tree in the background .
a man is cleaning a cement truck .
a construction truck on the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a truck is spraying cement .
cheerleaders are performing a routine .
men practicing martial arts .
a group of people are racing .
a truck is parked outside .
a car drives down the street .
two men wearing black pants and black pants .
two men are fighting with each other .
a group of men on a basketball court .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are fighting .
two men are wrestling .
two men fighting each other .
two men are talking to each other .
two men are having a discussion .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
two people practicing martial arts .
a group of people are dancing .
a young boy rides a swing .
a boy swings on a swing .
a boy is playing on a swing in front of a house .
a young man is standing next to a wooden structure .
a boy is swinging on a swing .
a white dog is playing in the grass .
young boys racing on a track .
a person riding a bicycle .
two men are performing a trick in front of a bicycle .
two children running down a path .
a group of young children running on a track .
two boys running .
a child is playing in the sand .
a boy swims in the water .
a woman in a blue dress is walking down an aisle .
a man weaving a piece of paper .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a group of people standing on the street .
a group of people in a crowd .
a man and a woman are playing music outside .
people are walking down the street .
a person riding a bicycle .
a group of people racing on a track .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person swimming underwater .
a female swimmer in the middle of the middle in the middle of a race .
a teenage boy skateboarding .
a woman swimming in a pool .
a teenage boy skateboarding on his skateboard .
a woman swims in a pool .
a child is skating in front of an art gallery .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking away from a small child who is walking away .
two women talking to each other .
a group of children and children are playing in a park .
a large body of water .
two girls talking to each other .
two women talking to each other .
two women talking to each other .
two men are talking .
a person is at night .
a mountain biker rides downhill .
a biker rides down a hill .
a biker rides a bike .
a person riding a bike .
people painting a building .
a man is sitting on a bench looking at the water .
a man and a dog in a lake .
a man sitting on a bench on a bench .
the sun sets over the ocean .
the sun sets in the sun .
a man and a dog are standing near a pond .
a group of people talking .
a young boy poses for a picture .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a man and a young boy are sitting on a bench .
five people are talking at night .
a crowd of people on a street .
people standing outside of a restaurant .
a woman drawing a picture .
a policeman looks out over the water .
a bearded man is walking up the steps of the steps of a city .
a man walking up the steps of the ocean .
a man sitting on steps .
a man carrying a red bag is standing on a sidewalk holding a red bag .
a dog jumps over a bar .
a man on a train fixing a train .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman with long hair .
a man with brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl swings a bat .
a young girl is holding her arms .
a girl playing baseball .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a scuba diver swims underwater .
a swimmer is swimming underwater .
a man diving into a swimming pool .
a scuba diver poses in the water .
a woman is preparing food on a paper .
a man wearing a hat .
a group of people are standing together .
a man juggling knives .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man kayaking .
two men kayaking in a kayak .
four men are walking down the street .
two men are working on a truck .
four men standing next to a truck .
four men are working on a garbage truck .
four men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing on the back of a garbage truck .
a man in a blue shirt is reading a newspaper .
a man wearing a yellow life vest is operating a kayak .
two men are working on the back of a truck .
four people riding on a truck .
a group of men on the back of a truck .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are working on a truck .
two boys playing basketball .
a taxi driver drives through the street .
a girl dancing at a party .
two men wearing white shirts .
two boys play in front of a building .
a baseball player stands on the field .
a man is singing and playing a guitar .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young man is giving a lecture .
a young girl is applying mascara .
a woman talking to a man .
a woman in a blue shirt is making a makeup .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a woman paints a painting .
a woman is cutting wood .
an elderly woman wearing a sweater .
two girls playing on a swing set .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman in a blue shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man is preparing food on a grill .
a man is cooking a meal .
a man is making dinner .
a man is cutting meat .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is doing a jump in the air .
a man rock climbing .
a man is flying over a mountain .
a man is climbing a cliff .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a person is riding a large wave .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a home .
a guy doing a skateboard trick .
a man is standing on a metal line .
a couple walking on the beach .
people walking through the sand at the beach .
a group of people walking in the sand .
people at a beach .
a dog carries a tennis ball .
a group of people are sitting on the sidewalk .
two women working in a kitchen .
a woman is giving a thumbs up to another woman .
a woman standing next to a little girl .
two men in orange vests and hard hats are working .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two men standing in front of a building .
two men standing in front of a camera .
a dog shaking off water into the water .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
two soccer players wearing red uniforms .
a dog stands next to a river .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog stands in the water .
a black and white dog shaking water from the water .
a dog swims in the water .
children running in a field .
a group of people on a cliff .
a group of people walking in a canyon .
two people are climbing a rock .
a man and a woman are looking at the ocean .
two people are walking down the street .
a worker working on an art gallery .
a person is walking down the street in front of a brown building .
a man grinding a piece of wood .
a guy is using a telescope on a ledge .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
a group of people are dancing .
two girls painting a tree .
a group of people are fishing .
a woman holding a camera .
people gather for an event .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black dog runs across the grass .
a brown dog is biting a fence .
a construction worker is working on an orange crane .
a black dog runs through a grassy field .
a child carries a child .
a woman walks by a river .
a person standing outside .
a woman is standing in shallow water .
two men in orange shirts are standing in a field .
two men in red shirts are talking to each other .
two people are talking .
two men wearing white shirts and black pants .
two men in red shirts are talking to each other .
a group of people talking .
two men are talking to each other .
a man working on a roof .
three men are rowing a boat .
three people on a boat .
a group of people on a boat .
a view of the water .
a man drinking a drink .
a man cutting fish .
a group of children playing outside .
a man pushing a cart with a cart .
a child is doing a flip .
a man is talking to a man .
a young boy is getting ready for a baseball .
two men are conversing with each other .
a man working in a hole .
a man is digging a hole .
a young girl is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a kayak in a kayak .
a man is kissing a woman .
a group of people in a room .
a couple kissing .
a couple is standing in the middle of a city .
a couple kissing .
children are sitting on camels .
a man and a woman ride a camel in the ocean .
two camels on the beach .
a man playing golf .
a man and a woman riding a large horse .
a child plays with a toy .
a baby is crying .
a baby crying .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man hanging on a rock .
a man climbs a rock wall .
two men are walking down the street .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are getting ready to jump into the air .
two men jumping into a pool .
a man is trying to catch a ball .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to jump into a lake .
two men are trying to catch a frisbee .
a man is jumping from a rock while another man watches .
two men are helping each other .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a man jumping off a ramp .
an asian woman is working on the street .
two women are dressed in traditional native clothing .
a woman with short blond hair is speaking to a group of women .
a woman giving a speech to a group of women .
a woman in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone .
a group of people listening to a speech .
two women are looking at a woman speaking .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a group of women talking to each other .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a group of women are smiling .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a bald man in a plaid shirt poses .
a man doing a trick .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a woman is laying on a couch .
two children standing next to a tree .
an elderly couple walking .
two people walking on a road holding hands .
a man and woman walk down a busy street .
two people walking down the street .
a man and a woman are having drinks .
two people holding hands and walking .
the snow is covered in snow .
two women are talking to each other .
a person picking up trash .
a dog plays in the snow .
two men are holding hands .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two children posing for a picture .
a boy looking at boats .
a young boy looks at a group of boats .
a boy in a blue uniform looks over a fence .
a group of people kayaking in the water .
a dog with its mouth open .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a fence .
a woman is holding a guitar .
two men perform on stage .
a woman is walking down the street .
two men playing instruments .
a group of musicians are playing guitars .
two men playing instruments .
two men in a building .
a person riding a bike .
two black dogs running .
two dogs running .
an asian woman in a blue dress is walking .
two dogs run down a hill .
a group of men are standing in a field .
a man playing soccer .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a man playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a police officer is riding a motorcycle .
a man looking at a police officer .
two girls are riding on a ride .
two women ride on a roller coaster .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman with brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a runner is running along a road with a number of spectators in the background .
a woman running a marathon .
a woman in a race .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman running down the street .
a woman wearing a green shirt is running .
a female dancer in a black jacket is jogging .
three people are standing outside .
a woman walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a car is driving .
a woman working on a machine .
a group of people are outside .
a man is surfing on a large wave .
soccer players are standing on the field .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a girl walking next to a wall .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a dog looks at the water .
two men are sitting on horses .
a man and a young boy riding horses .
two men are riding horses .
a man shoveling snow .
three men are riding horses .
a group of men are sitting on horses .
three men are standing outside .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
four men are riding horses .
a group of people are sitting at a table eating wine .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman holding a glass of wine .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man running in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman watching tv .
a group of teenagers wait for something .
a man standing in front of a crowd of people .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a man wearing a mask .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people standing around .
a girl leaps across a lawn .
a woman is walking down the street .
two men are standing outside .
a man in a yellow shirt is wearing a yellow shirt .
a man in a yellow robe is in a crowd .
a teacher teaching a teacher in a classroom .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a park .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a surfer flies through the air .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person surfing a wave .
a surfer catches a wave .
a person swimming in a pool .
a group of children learning how to class .
students in school class .
a group of children in a classroom .
children sitting at a table .
a man with a mask on his face .
a man is holding a baseball .
a dirt bike racer is in the mud .
a biker riding a bike .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a cyclist rides his bike through mud .
a dirt biker is in mud .
a woman rides a bike in a race .
a woman rides a bike through the mud of the mud .
a bicyclist rides a bike through the mud .
a woman standing outside a store .
a young girl is sitting in a chair .
a girl writing with a pencil .
a child playing in the water .
a girl drawing on paper .
a child wearing a blue bathing suit .
a boy jumps into a swimming pool .
a young boy in a blue bathing suit smiles .
a boy dives into a pool .
a man and woman are cooking .
a dog playing with a toy .
two people standing next to each other .
a group of people in a room .
a man and a woman are eating a meal .
a woman running in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person in a swimming pool .
a man and a girl are standing on the street .
two people are grilling meat .
a woman is upside down .
a person is upside down .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
a woman is running barefoot .
a gymnast performs on a bar .
two people sleeping on a bench .
a small child is petting a stuffed animal .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a group of children playing in a house .
a man painting a wall .
a snowboarder jumps .
a woman sitting on the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a man in an orange shirt is working .
a bird in the snow .
people holding hands .
a bird takes a picture .
three boys walking down the street .
a young boy with a laptop .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy on a cellphone .
a small child is talking on a cellphone .
a young boy holding a cellphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a group of people on a train .
people are talking .
a man is standing in front of a construction site .
a person swimming .
a man reading a newspaper .
a woman at a train station .
a person swimming underwater .
girls standing outside .
a man leads a young boy .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
kids playing soccer .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
a toddler pulls a wagon .
two young children playing in the sand .
a child wearing a red shirt and red pants is sleeping in a wagon .
two children are pulling a red wagon .
a toddler plays with toys .
a man with long hair is playing a guitar .
a boy pulling a wagon .
a man is holding a microphone .
children playing with a wagon .
a man playing a guitar .
three dogs on the beach .
an asian man is getting ready to serve a volleyball .
a group of surfers enjoying the day .
a group of people are standing together .
people playing in the water .
two children in a stroller .
a couple dancing in the middle of a street .
a woman is standing in the street .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a woman on a snowy day .
a teacher teaching a student how to class .
a child is sitting on the ground in the snow .
a snow covered mountain .
a girl in a jacket is sledding on a sled .
a person sliding down a hill .
a dog plays in a field .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a dog is running through a field .
a group of people are standing together .
people enjoying the day .
two women are jogging .
a group of people getting ready to start .
children sitting on a bench .
people shopping at a market .
a woman is hanging from her arms .
a female gymnast performs a handstand .
a girl riding a horse .
a woman riding a horse .
construction workers are working on a project .
a boy on a skateboard .
three people are standing in front of an umbrella .
four women are posing for a picture .
two women are sitting on a bench and talking on a bench .
a boy doing tricks on a skateboard .
a young boy rides his skateboard .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a family eating outside .
a man on a stage with a microphone .
an artist is performing a trick .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of people are talking to each other .
two women playing guitar .
two construction workers standing near a pile of rubble .
people listening to music .
a woman looking at her cellphone in a city .
a woman looking at her cellphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt shops .
a group of women are putting their wares together .
a boy is jumping in the ocean .
three friends are sitting on a floor .
two men are talking to each other at night .
two women are having a conversation .
a brown dog biting a man .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
two children are jumping in the air .
a man and a woman are dancing .
four people are sitting and drinking beer .
men in a room .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a boy playing baseball .
a boy is waiting to hit the ball .
a boy is playing soccer .
a man sits on a swing .
a young boy in a blue shirt is practicing karate in the air .
a young man practicing karate moves .
a group of children practicing martial arts .
a group of students in a classroom .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs playing with a stick .
two dogs fighting over a stick .
a brown dog is biting a stick .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing with a stick .
a brown dog chases a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
children playing in water .
a person is jumping into water .
a child is playing in the rain .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a baseball .
ice cream stand in a store .
a boy is playing with a toy .
two men are playing soccer .
a child sliding down a slide .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two people are looking at each other .
a man skiing .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a man skiing down a snowy mountain .
a man skiing down a snowy hill .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a person walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people drinking beer .
two men are smiling .
two men , one with a ribbon on his shirt , are laughing and drinking beer .
a man is waiting for his bus ride .
a man looking at a bus stop .
an old man looking at a red bus .
two men drinking beer .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is wearing a blue outfit .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a person sitting on a bench .
girls playing in a park .
a man working on a loom .
a man is giving a tattoo .
a woman getting a tattoo .
a man in a hospital bed .
a woman is getting a tattoo .
two teams are playing soccer .
a football player in blue and white .
a soccer player in a white uniform is about to kick the ball .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer player in a blue jersey is running .
two soccer players compete in the air .
a football player wearing a white jersey is attempting to block the ball .
three men are playing soccer .
two teams are playing soccer .
the man in the blue shirt is taking a picture .
a man riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on the beach .
a girl playing a guitar .
two people are playing soccer .
a man is holding a box .
two people ride a merry go round .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman in a white t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is performing .
a group of people at a party .
a man playing a guitar .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a man is looking at the ocean .
a man sitting on a ledge .
a man looking at the ocean .
people walking on a sidewalk .
a man playing the drums .
a man wearing a kilt is playing a guitar .
a man with a beard is selling money .
a group of people are standing together .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
an older man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man wearing a black t shirt and blue shorts with a black t shirt .
a man walking through a park .
a man throwing trash .
a group of people are working on a train .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a group of people are looking at a statue .
a man is watching a group of people .
a group of students in a classroom in a classroom .
a crowd watching an event .
a group of children wait on a project .
a bald man poses for a picture .
a man shaving his head while shaving his head .
a woman looking at customers .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a man is shaving another man 's face .
a man shaving his head .
a guy shaving his face .
a man shaving his face .
a man shaving his face .
three people are holding signs .
a group of people listening to music .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of protesters holding up signs .
three protesters are holding signs and carrying signs .
people holding signs .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people holding signs .
a group of people standing next to signs .
three people are posing with their political signs .
three people are standing in front of a grill .
three people pose with signs .
two women in costumes holding an umbrella .
two people riding bikes in the air .
a couple walking down the street .
two people walking on a street .
two people on a sidewalk .
a couple walking on a road .
a woman walking down the street .
people are standing in front of a camera .
a woman is walking down the street .
a girl playing tennis .
a man sitting at a table .
a man playing an accordion .
a man is walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar on a guitar .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl is looking into the distance .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a little girl is looking at a telescope .
a little girl holds a little girl .
a girl with a tree in the background .
two men are dancing .
a person jumps off a hurdle .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a young girl is posing for a photo .
a person is walking down the street .
a girl diving into a lake .
people are working outside .
two wrestlers wrestling in a ring .
two men dancing .
two boys are playing soccer .
a boy is jumping over a dirt trail .
a man in a black jacket leans against a wooden railing .
a man is standing next to a metal machine .
people standing next to an orange bus .
a man wearing a bright green jacket .
a man and woman dancing in a parade .
a woman giving a kiss .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man is hugging a girl .
a man in a military uniform .
a man in a blue shirt is giving a kiss .
a young woman is smiling and smiling .
two women are sitting in chairs .
a man is walking down the street .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
a man and woman are walking their dogs .
two young people smiling .
a black dog is standing in the snow .
a girl in a red sweatshirt singing .
two people talking to each other .
a man singing on stage .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone .
two people are on stage .
two people are talking on a stage .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people singing on stage .
this is an image of a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a swimming pool .
a person diving into a pool .
a boy swimming underwater .
a man splashing in water .
a man is walking down the street .
a little girl is playing with a string .
a boy slides into a pool .
two women talking to each other .
a football player is standing in front of a crowd .
two women are sitting next to each other , one holding a baby and the other is holding something .
a person diving into a pool .
a person looking at a rock .
a woman working on the sidewalk .
a man is working on a machine .
a young girl is looking at something .
a woman is cleaning a map .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a child plays in the sand .
a child is waving a banner .
a child is holding a ribbon .
a clown is performing .
a little boy is playing with a hula hoop .
a child is playing with a ribbon .
a child is playing with a ribbon .
two people are sitting next to each other .
a woman with long hair is dancing with a hula hoop .
a man hula hooping .
a man playing with a hula hoop .
a man hula hooping .
a person playing tennis .
two men in blue jackets are sitting down .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are standing next to a vegetable stand .
two women are working on the street .
swimmers are swimming .
people selling various items outdoors .
two women selling vegetables and vegetables .
a girl is eating .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is playing a guitar .
a boy playing the drums .
two people on a sunny day .
a man is holding a cup .
a man with a mohawk is taking a picture .
a man with a mohawk .
a man with a mohawk .
a man in an orange shirt is working .
two men walk by a tent .
a man in a red shirt plays the drums .
a group of people in a room .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of women are dancing .
a group of men and women .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
men talking on stage .
a boy is jumping into a swimming pool .
a young boy is swimming in a pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
two men in red shirts are sitting next to each other .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a vehicle .
a man playing a guitar .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
two men are having a discussion in a restaurant .
a person riding a dirt bike .
construction workers are working on a city street .
a man and a woman are cutting a piece of paper .
a little boy is standing next to a girl .
a child is playing in the grass .
a man in a black jacket reaching into a blue bucket .
a man reaching into a bucket .
a man is reaching into a bucket .
a man is reaching into the snow .
a man in a black jacket reaching into a bucket .
two dogs are lying down .
a little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is smiling .
a little girl playing with a toy .
a little girl playing with toys .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a young girl is playing with her teeth .
a man is sewing .
a man sleeping in a bathroom .
a child plays with a toy .
a truck in a field .
two dogs laying on the ground .
a woman stands next to a truck .
a girl in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a yellow truck in front of a yellow truck .
a group of students in a classroom .
an asian man is riding a bike .
a man is holding a plastic bag .
a man playing a guitar .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
an elderly woman is spinning a spinning wheel .
a group of people playing in the water .
people are sitting on a subway platform .
people walking down the street .
people waiting for a train .
people waiting at the train station at a train station .
a crowd of people waiting at a train station train station .
a crowd of people are waiting for something .
a group of people at a train station .
a group of people wait outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man snowboarding in snow .
a man is standing in a boat .
basketball players jumping in a basketball game .
two soccer teams compete in a game .
a group of people are gathered together .
five soccer players playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
a boy kicks a ball .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man in a black jacket is reaching into a bucket .
a group of children are running down a street .
two children run towards the ocean .
two children running down the beach .
children at the beach .
children running down the street .
two children playing in the sand .
a toddler plays with toys .
a boy playing in a field .
people enjoying the beach .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people are looking at something .
people playing soccer .
people crossing the street .
two people are crossing a busy street .
two teams are playing soccer .
a man is playing soccer .
two men playing basketball .
three men are playing soccer .
a girl standing on a sidewalk .
a person is walking down the street .
a young girl is walking .
a young girl is looking at a fountain .
a little girl is playing in a fountain next to a fountain .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting next to a fountain .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a man is playing a guitar .
football players on a football field .
two people playing a game .
two men are sitting at a table .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman riding a bike .
a girl in a yellow shirt is riding through traffic .
a person riding a bicycle .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man in a red shirt plays a guitar .
men working on a project .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of workers working together .
a group of men are working in a city street .
construction workers are working on the street .
a man is walking down the street .
construction workers are working on railroad tracks .
a group of men playing basketball .
people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a group of men carrying a large box .
a person is carrying a yellow helmet .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person on a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
two girls are having fun .
men carrying a large object .
a young man working with computers .
a girl playing soccer .
a baseball player in a blue jersey is about to catch a ball .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a girl is chasing a soccer ball .
a woman is sitting next to a table .
three women are sitting at a table .
people walking down a street .
a man is standing next to a statue of a statue .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a woman is hugging a woman .
a woman standing outside .
a woman standing in a garden .
a group of people are standing outside .
a baby is laughing .
a group of women standing in a garden .
two girls walking down the street .
three people jumping into the air .
a little girl is looking at a ball .
the dog is standing in the snow .
the workers are sweeping the street in the middle of a city .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the water .
a man fixing his bike .
a group of men running down a field .
a boy is running .
two young boys performing a routine .
a man shaving his face .
two children holding a rope .
a man and a child watch as a child watches .
three people playing a game .
two boys playing on a dirt course .
people playing video games .
a young couple posing for a picture .
a child runs down the street .
a man and woman are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people at a monument .
a woman is standing next to a sign .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a boy jumps over a wall .
two men working on a road .
a child walking .
a person in a blue shirt walking .
a boy walking down the street .
a boy walking along a ledge .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman rides a bike on the road .
a group of cyclists riding bikes .
a couple posing in a fountain .
two men are looking at the water .
a woman with a tattoo .
a woman wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a woman with tattoos on her head .
a woman on a motorcycle .
a woman with tattoos on her head .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a man with a tattoo .
a person is standing on top of a wall .
a person wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a person is riding a bike .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is standing at a table .
a man in a room .
a man is standing in a room .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a family plays in the sand .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman pushing a stroller on a street .
a woman pushes a stroller on a bicycle .
people walking down the street .
a person walking .
a woman is sitting on a bus .
a baby is riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman pushing a child in a stroller .
a woman in a stroller is pushing a child in a stroller .
a woman is pushing a stroller .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a boy is standing in the water .
a boy is jumping into a swimming pool .
a boy is jumping in front of a man .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man eating .
two people swimming .
a child is jumping into a swimming pool .
a boy is jumping into the water .
a child is playing with a toy .
a man is using a hammer .
three people on a beach .
a man wearing sunglasses is playing a guitar .
people waiting at a subway station .
two girls walking down the street .
two men are playing outside .
two bicyclists on a bike .
people waiting for a train .
a group of people are on a bicycle .
a man is working on railroad tracks .
teenagers playing monopoly .
a man in a black shirt plays guitar .
a person is standing in the street .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman in a red dress is walking down the street .
a woman standing in the street .
a lady in a pink dress is walking through the street .
a woman standing in the street .
a woman wearing a pink dress .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman wearing an apron .
a woman in a white shirt is reading a book .
a woman in a yellow shirt is looking at something .
an elderly woman stands in front of a pile of boxes .
a woman in a yellow vest is standing in a parking lot .
a little girl is blowing bubbles .
a lady is smiling .
a boy is looking into the water .
a man is standing at an airport .
a surfer rides a wave .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a young boy walking past a store .
a boy is skateboarding past a video store .
a boy rides a skateboard across the street .
a boy rides a skateboard .
a man riding a motorcycle in the airport .
a teenager is skateboarding .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a young boy on a skateboard .
people are standing in a building .
two men are shaving on a balcony .
two men are talking .
children in school carts .
women sitting on a couch .
a parade in a parade .
a man is playing a guitar at a wedding .
people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a couch .
a little girl and a boy are smiling .
people sitting at tables .
a surfer rides a wave .
two men are having a conversation .
a scuba diver is on a deck .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a group of people on a deck .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are having fun .
three people are sitting in chairs in front of each other .
a group of people are gathered outside .
three people are watching a group of people .
a group of men in white shirts .
a group of people on rollerskater .
a group of people are playing a board game .
two men are playing soccer .
people at a market .
a girl is running in front of a soccer net .
a boy is sitting on a trampoline on a trampoline .
people are talking to each other .
a group of chefs are eating .
an older man holding a baby .
a group of people in a room .
a band performing on stage .
a woman standing next to a road .
a young boy is trying to hit a pinata .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a yellow apron holding a yellow apron .
people having drinks .
a boy jumps off a swing on a swing set .
two wrestlers getting ready to start .
a young man is sitting on a stool .
people walking down a street .
a group of girls are playing .
children standing around a table .
a group of boys wearing blue and white shirts .
a group of children are having fun .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a boy is sitting on his father 's shoulders .
a dog is playing with a red object .
a woman is brushing her daughter 's hair .
a girl in a black jacket is laughing .
a man wearing a hat .
a man carries his arms in his arms .
a group of men are sitting in a vehicle .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman carrying a little girl .
three young men are walking down a street .
a man is watching a woman .
an elderly woman is walking past another man .
people walking down a street .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man taking a picture .
a girl in a white dress is sitting at a table .
a young girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a girl is writing a candle .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of people playing basketball .
a girl is sitting on a wooden bench .
a man walking down the street .
a crowd of people holding signs in a crowd .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people are walking .
a group of people are standing in front of a building with graffiti on it .
a group of people are standing up .
a group of people wearing blue shirts .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
people posing for a picture .
a guy in a tank top jumping off of a bridge while others watch .
a boat in a boat .
a man is reading a book .
a boat in the water .
a man and a woman are kayaking in water .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is painting .
a woman is applying mascara .
a parade in a parade .
a boy in red pants and a red shirt .
a child is blowing bubbles .
a boy stands in front of a house .
a little boy in red pants stands on the street .
a person riding a scooter on a scooter .
children playing on a trampoline .
a boy in a yellow shirt is running through mud .
a person in a yellow helmet rides through dirt .
a person is walking down the street .
a man sitting in a chair .
a person riding a bike .
a girl climbing a rope .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a group of men are talking .
a man cutting fish .
a butcher working in a butcher shop .
a man preparing fish .
a person prepares fish for sale .
a man cutting fish .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is playing the drums .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick on the street .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man sitting on a bench .
a shirtless man playing drums .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a black shirt and white pants is playing drums on a city sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
a man playing drums on the sidewalk .
a shirtless man playing drums .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing the drums .
a small child digging in the dirt .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
two men playing instruments .
a man is standing on the beach .
a group of men are singing at a bar .
three men are singing into a microphone .
three men are singing .
three men are singing .
a group of people having fun .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of women are reading books .
two women are working on the street .
a woman stands in front of a group of people .
four women sit at a table at a table .
a group of women talking to each other .
three women are sitting in front of computers .
three women are sitting at a desk .
a group of people are working on computers on computers .
three girls sit at computers .
three women are reading books .
a group of people standing in front of computers .
a group of people at a desk .
a group of people sitting at computers .
people are sitting at a table .
customers are standing in front of a podium .
a man is rock climbing .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a little boy is playing on a playground .
a man in a costume .
a man is cooking .
a man wearing a mask and a mask .
a man is laughing at a book .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man getting a haircut .
a child in a costume .
a man giving a speech .
a girl in a white shirt stands next to a man in a white shirt .
two men dressed in traditional garb .
a woman watching a street performer .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are jumping in the air .
people watching a group of people watching .
a group of people on a boardwalk .
two police officers on the beach .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of police officers on a boardwalk .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of police officers on the boardwalk .
a bus with many people on the street .
two police officers are walking on the beach .
a man is eating and talking to a woman .
a man is standing in front of a trailer .
two men playing basketball .
a man is performing a trick with a stick .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down the street .
a man is playing golf .
a man is standing next to a fire .
a person riding a bike .
two women are walking down the street .
a man with long hair plays the drums .
a market full of bikes lined up .
two women are sitting on a piece of art .
a man is playing the drums .
a man is playing drums .
two women are sitting on a wall .
a mother and child walk in a park .
two women are laughing .
a child in a bed .
a cook in a restaurant .
a little girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a child wearing yellow .
a little girl wearing a yellow shirt .
two nurses looking at a book .
four men are standing in the street .
a woman looking at the camera .
a blond woman with blond hair is laughing .
a woman is spraying water .
a woman in a white shirt is making some rocks .
a little girl is playing with a bucket .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
people walking down a street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man with a yellow flag is walking on the street .
a man is dancing .
a child is dancing outside .
a young child dances in a crowd .
a young man dancing .
people in a room .
a man in a blue shirt is working on an escalator .
a man wearing a vest is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is performing a demonstration .
four men posing for a picture .
four children pose in a building .
children playing in the water .
people swimming in the water .
a group of friends gather outside .
people playing in the water .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a man in front of a crowd of people .
a man holding a flag in the street .
a man with a red and white flag .
a man holding a flag on the street .
a man is holding a flag in the middle of the street .
a man is holding a flag .
a person holding a flag and a flag .
a man in orange jumps off a motorcycle .
a group of people on motorcycles .
a man on a motorcycle in a race .
a group of people in a race .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
a man wearing a helmet and a helmet is driving a race with his motorcycle in the air .
a man is riding a bike .
people racing on a track .
a boy fishing .
a group of men on a boat .
a child on a bridge .
a boy in a kilt holding a large stick .
a young boy in a blue shirt is holding a long stick .
a bald man is holding a stick .
a man is holding a stick .
a bald man is playing with a dog .
a brown dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man holding a stick .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on his head .
a man is holding a stick .
a dog runs through the water .
a man playing with a dog .
a girl in a bathing suit is swimming .
a young girl is holding a broom .
a woman looking at a mirror .
a young girl is sweeping .
a child is sitting on a car .
a child sitting on a car .
a child sits on the hood of a car .
a group of people gathered around a blue car .
a young girl is sweeping .
a small child on a car .
two cyclists competing in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog and a man .
a little girl wearing a purple jacket .
a man in a blue and white outfit rides a bike .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a person jumping in the air .
two dogs play in the sand .
a woman climbing a scaffold .
an artist hanging above the ground .
a girl in a white dress is hanging upside down .
two girls climbing a wire structure .
a man painting a picture .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue pants .
a group of people are gathered together .
a woman riding a horse in a rodeo .
two women working on a project .
a man with a pink shirt is riding a horse in a competition .
a jockey riding a horse .
a child is sitting at a large piano .
a woman reading a book in a park .
people laughing .
people walking down the street .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is walking on the street .
people walking down the street .
a man is reaching up .
two women dressed in black and white dresses .
two women , one wearing black and one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a black dress , are smiling .
two women wearing black dresses .
two women in front of a black background .
two women in front of a mural .
two dancers perform on stage .
a band performing on stage .
two women are dancing on a stage .
women in a room .
two young girls are dancing .
two women dancing .
two women dancing .
two women dancing on a stage .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man doing a trick on a snowboard .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a black and white dog jumps with a snowboard .
a man rides a board .
two dogs in a field .
a person is sleeping on a bench .
a woman with a black shirt and a black shirt is sleeping with her eyes closed .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a child is laying next to a slide .
the sky is being towed by the sky in the distance .
a woman in an orange shirt is looking at something .
a group of people in a field .
people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a child rides a bike in a large field .
a young girl is doing a handstand .
two people are flying out of a lake .
a woman in a kitchen holding her hand .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a person walking down an alley .
a woman reading a book .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two dogs are chasing each other .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog runs through an obstacle course .
a black and white dog jumps over a fence .
a dog on a course .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a dog runs through an obstacle course .
a black and white dog is running .
two people are getting ready to take a picture .
four people standing in front of a security booth .
four people standing in a line .
a dog walks through the snow .
a group of people wait in line .
a person is walking on the street .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard .
a man and a woman are walking together .
a man smiling .
two men sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is pushing a donkey .
a man and a woman walking along a road .
a man walks past a donkey .
a man walking in front of a donkey .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a blond woman smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are outside .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman walking across a bridge .
a basketball player in a blue uniform is throwing a ball .
a man cooking .
a boy on a swing .
a man is walking down the street .
a baseball game in the park .
a child swings in a swing .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a biker in a forest .
a woman wearing an orange shirt and black pants .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman and a girl in a tree .
a mother plays with a child .
a tree with trees in the background .
a woman sitting on a tree .
a woman and a child are sitting on the ground .
two people are sitting under a tree .
two people are sitting in a tree .
people sitting in a tree .
people playing outside .
a man is sitting down and reading a book .
a man is bowling .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is playing frisbee in a field .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing by a pond .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside .
a young child is eating a drink at an airport .
children playing in the grass .
a woman holding up a camera .
a young boy drinking juice .
a boy is drinking juice .
a little boy is eating a sandwich and drinking wine and drinking wine .
a boy is drinking juice .
a young boy drinking juice .
a woman in a white shirt is talking .
a woman poses for a picture .
four children ride a four wheeler in the country .
a group of children are having fun .
a group of children playing outside .
a group of children playing soccer .
children playing outside .
a bride is throwing flowers .
a man holding a cane and a cane is holding a cane .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a sign .
a man is walking with a cane .
a man is standing in the street with a cane .
an old woman stands in the street with a cane in the background .
a bride and groom dressed in costumes .
a woman walking down the street .
two girls playing in water .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking .
a man is walking in front of a store .
a man walking past a store .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are playing a game at a target .
a man is sitting in a barber shop .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people posing for a picture .
an old man in a jumpsuit .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a room .
a man is making a mop on the floor .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two people are silhouetted against a lake .
a man in a white shirt is holding a broom .
a man wearing a hat is painting a man on a ladder .
a man working on a project .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black jacket is painting a picture of a building .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a gray shirt painting a building .
children playing in the water .
a woman with a clown on her head .
a girl in a blue shirt is running .
a dog is running through the water .
a child running in the grass .
a female gymnast performing a routine .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a child runs through the grass .
a man in red .
a person wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is singing into a microphone .
a man surfing at the beach .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
two people are lying on a couch .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a bird attached to a pole .
a woman working on a sewing machine .
a man doing a skateboard trick in front of a building .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a young child in a hospital room .
a boy doing tricks on his skateboard .
a man in a hard hat and hard hat .
a young man is walking past graffiti covered wall .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
two dogs running .
a golfer is about to block the net .
a man is sitting in front of a park bench .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman is holding a knife .
four people are dancing .
a man on a mountain .
a person walking down the street .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a man skiing in the snow .
a person in a red shirt is snowboarding .
an old man rides a bike through a park .
two people walking down the street .
two people are holding hands in a town .
a person on a plane .
a group of people are running .
people walking down the sidewalk .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the sidewalk .
two women running .
two women are walking down the street .
a black and white dog in the water .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two people waiting to fix a moped .
many people are walking down a street .
a man walking .
a group of people are balancing on metal beams .
a black and white dog with a harness on .
kids working on a project .
a construction worker is working on the roof of a building .
people sitting on a bench .
a bicyclist in front of an audience .
a cyclist is racing .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a vehicle .
a brown dog is jumping over a fence .
two people are working on a project .
two people are jogging .
a group of people riding bikes .
two people at a local gym .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a man is taking a nap on a plane .
a girl in a white shirt is taking a nap in a harness .
a soccer goalie in front of a soccer goal .
a woman sits next to a pool .
a girl wearing a black and white bikini is swimming .
a chef is preparing food .
people are eating at a restaurant .
a man is giving a presentation .
a lady sitting next to water .
a man playing drums .
a boy listening to music .
a man is playing tennis .
a teenage boy in a red shirt is standing in front of a wall .
a woman is taking a picture .
children throwing rocks into the water .
a man playing basketball .
a girl in a red shirt is playing tennis .
a little girl in a pink dress is standing on a rock .
a boy playing soccer .
four people are walking by a cafe .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a boy stands in front of a fountain .
a person is doing a flip on a sunny day .
four boys play in a field .
a boy is looking at the water .
two little boys are helping each other .
four people are working on the ground .
a group of young boys are standing together .
two men working in a factory .
a baseball player is waiting for the ball .
a tennis player in a blue shirt is about to hit the ball .
a baseball player prepares to serve the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a female tennis player waits for the ball .
two men are climbing a rock wall .
two men climbing a rock .
two people climbing a rock .
four men climbing a rock .
people climb a rock .
two men hanging on a cliff .
a man stands near a pond .
two men are walking down the street .
a person is skiing in the snow .
women at a party .
people are working on a project .
a person in a blue shirt is looking at something .
people standing near rocks .
two women are standing in front of each other .
two women are getting their picture taken .
two men are digging a hole in a hole .
a man is walking down the street .
a man playing guitar .
a dog runs on a baseball field .
two men talking to each other .
two dogs are playing on the edge of a field .
two dogs run along a grassy field .
two dogs running in the grass .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
a man wearing a black jacket .
an older woman stands in front of a counter .
a person playing tennis .
a black and white dog jumping .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a crowd of people are holding hands .
two people riding bikes in the street .
people walking down a city street .
two people are talking .
a man pushing a cart down a street .
two women are standing next to each other .
people are walking through town at night .
a group of people gather around a fire .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a police officer on a bike on a bike .
a baseball player on a baseball court .
a group of men wearing hats .
a group of police officers are standing on the sidewalk .
four men are walking down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing together .
people are walking down a street .
four people , one wearing a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are holding a paper .
four people are lined up .
four men are dressed in blue and white uniforms .
men standing on a stage .
a woman walking down the street .
a man with a bag on his head .
three people are standing on a stage .
a group of people in a river .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman wearing boots and a black jacket .
a man rides a bicycle in front of a construction site .
a group of people are jumping .
two men walking past buildings .
a man is sitting in a chair holding a toy in his hands .
a group of kids jumping on a trampoline .
a man is standing on his bike .
a woman picking up vegetables .
a woman pushing a cart .
two men are sitting outside a building .
two people sitting on a bench .
a young man is sitting on an older man 's shoulders .
two men are sitting on a bench next to a billboard .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a boy is pushing a cart full of eggs .
a group of people are playing in the water .
a group of teenagers taking a break .
a woman sitting on the ground .
a group of people are standing around .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a little girl is brushing her shoes .
a woman is using a towel .
a woman is holding a glass .
a woman is sweeping the street .
a person washing dishes .
a person washing dishes in a sink .
a woman washing dishes .
a person is making a funny face .
a person is washing dishes .
two boys are playing a game .
a young boy dances in a building .
a group of men are smoking a cigarette .
two men are talking to each other .
a man with his eyes closed .
two girls talking to each other .
two young women talking to each other .
two women are sitting outside .
a group of people talking on cellphones .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two women wearing hats .
a woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is smoking a cigarette while sitting on the sidewalk .
two people are sitting outside .
two women wearing black and white dresses .
two women sitting on a bench .
people are eating outside .
two men smoking .
a group of men are walking on a city street .
a group of people are standing outside .
people sitting at a coffee shop .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are walking down a busy street .
four men are working on a mountain .
two people are walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
people are working on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a group of people are walking .
a boy is standing in front of a lake .
a child jumping off a pier .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a boy in a wetsuit jumps into a lake .
a boy jumping into a lake .
a man sitting on a subway train .
a man is riding a subway .
a man is leaning on a bus .
a man on a bus .
a man sitting on a bus .
a man reading a newspaper .
a person poses for a picture .
a person is standing next to a body of water .
a man sitting on a bench .
two people in a studio .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a little girl playing with toys .
a man laying down on the ground .
a little girl is playing with her doll .
a child is looking out of a window .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skier skiing down a snowy slope .
a skier on a snowy mountain .
a skier is skiing down a slope .
a man skiing down a steep slope .
a person walking in the snow .
a person skiing .
a boy is getting his shoes shined .
a man throwing a football .
a skateboarder jumps .
a person doing a handstand on a sunny day .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man with a large beard holds a large instrument .
a person walking on the beach near the beach .
two people are playing on a rug .
a child plays with a toy .
two dogs wearing sunglasses .
a woman swinging on a swing .
a child is being helped by a young boy .
children in blue uniforms are playing soccer .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
a person splashing through water .
a girl swims in the water .
several women are working on a project .
a group of women are gathered around a table .
several women working on computers .
several people working on a project .
two women are sitting at a table .
a group of people in a crowded street .
two women , one with a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting at a table .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a person rock climbing .
people playing soccer .
a man and a woman are playing with a small sculpture .
soccer players wearing blue shirts .
a group of young boys posing for a picture .
a dog carries a rubber duck .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a brown and white dog is running through a yard .
a white dog with a red toy in its mouth .
a dog runs through the yard with a toy .
a dog runs through a yard .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a boy plays in the yard .
a gymnast performs a trick .
a gymnast performs a trick .
a boy in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a female athlete vaulting .
three people are running .
a group of men are standing together .
a dog is playing with a toy .
three men are walking down the street .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog is running after a ball .
a dog tries to catch a frisbee .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs are running through a grassy field .
two dogs running .
a group of people are shopping .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man wearing a suit .
a group of people on a hot day .
a group of children playing in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman is walking down the street .
a building with buildings in the background .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a black dog is running through the snow .
two chefs cooking at a restaurant .
a girl is doing a handstand .
a young man is playing the drums .
three people walking down the street .
a boy grilling meat .
a brown dog licking its teeth .
men standing in a vehicle .
two children in a parade .
a dog and a man are standing next to each other .
a dog chewing on a leash .
a group of men are preparing food .
a man climbing up stairs .
a man climbing a staircase .
two girls talking to each other .
a man is standing on a staircase .
a child plays with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog jumping .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog runs through the grass .
people on a bridge .
a black and white dog is jumping over a fence .
two men are standing on a sidewalk .
a man is hanging from a pole .
a man in a white shirt is doing a trick .
a man hanging off a roof .
a man is standing on a boat .
a man holding a fishing pole .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in a blue shirt rides a skateboard in a park .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder in a park .
people on a mountain .
a man painting a picture .
two dogs run through the water .
a person painting a picture .
a man is painting a wall with graffiti on it .
two brown dogs are playing in the grass .
a man in a white shirt is sweeping a wall .
a person is hanging from a cliff .
a woman carrying a bag in a building .
a skateboarder is performing a trick .
a band playing the drums .
four people are playing instruments .
a woman playing a guitar .
a group of people watching balloons .
people are playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two children are playing doctor .
a woman walking down the street .
a man riding a bicycle .
two players are playing soccer .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people taking a break .
a group of children are talking to each other .
a group of friends taking a picture of a lake .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a young child is playing doctor .
a dancer is performing a dance in a crowd .
two children are sitting on a subway wagon .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a group of men in white shirts are standing in the middle of a park .
a group of people gathered around a circle .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a girl holding a football in her hand .
several people are gathered in a public place .
a little girl is smiling .
a family is pushing a shopping cart full of groceries .
a man standing on a podium .
a woman at a market .
a young man in a blue shirt is at a rodeo .
a boy in a blue shirt is falling into the air .
a man chases a sheep in a field .
a young boy throws a frisbee while another watches .
a cowboy riding a bull .
a girl in a bathing suit laughs .
two men are standing next to a sculpture .
a girl in a pink hat and pink jacket is holding a pink umbrella .
a little girl in a pink swimsuit lays by the ocean .
a person is laying on a large body of water .
a group of people are watching something .
a man in a suit is playing a guitar .
a hiker is sleeping on a trail .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is leaning against a desert .
a person in a desert .
a hiker walks in the desert .
a hiker walks in the desert .
two men are at the beach .
two men are playing volleyball .
people on a beach .
two older men are sitting on the beach .
a person rides a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a woman riding a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
people at a sports game .
two men are playing soccer .
two men are playing cricket in front of a crowd .
two men are playing soccer .
two men are playing a sport .
a woman holding a child .
two boys are standing in front of a large body of water .
a boy in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt are sitting in a circle in a circle .
a group of people are standing in the woods .
two boys play in a cage .
a group of children playing tug of war .
people at an art exhibit .
people in a museum .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
people at an art museum .
a woman carrying a stick .
a woman is preparing food .
a young woman working on a table .
a woman is pushing a shopping cart .
a man playing with a dog .
a man playing with a dog .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a man playing with a black dog .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a person is on the ground .
a female gymnast performs a jump .
a gymnast wearing a leotard .
a female gymnast is doing a handstand in the air .
a female gymnast is doing gymnastics .
a female gymnast performs a jump .
a woman doing gymnastics .
a man is sitting at a table .
two young men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing in front of a large pile of bricks .
an elderly man stands at a store .
a man in an orange shirt is making a balloon .
workers working in a building .
a group of people are standing in a crowded street .
a man is driving a truck .
a girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing next to a bicycle .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man and a man are looking at a truck .
a truck is standing on top of a truck .
a man is looking at a truck .
a man is looking at a truck in a truck .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a young girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a little girl wearing a white shirt and black shorts .
a little girl in a blue dress is holding a hula hoop .
a girl in a white shirt and black pants is talking to a girl in a white shirt .
four dogs are running in a race .
a little boy is pushing a little girl .
two boys play in the grass .
a young child in a hospital room .
two dogs racing in a race .
two dogs running on a track .
a boy is carrying a flag .
a man is standing behind a music stand .
this is a busy street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of children are sitting on the ground .
people waiting at an airport .
a woman in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue shirt are standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
people are standing in an airport .
a girl talking on her cellphone .
a group of people are looking at a group of people .
a girl talking on her cellphone .
a girl talking on her cellphone .
a group of people are looking at papers .
a group of people standing around a wall .
four women are talking to each other .
a group of young women dressed in formal attire .
four football players wearing orange and white jerseys .
a group of people running in front of a crowd .
four men wearing blue uniforms .
a man with a beard is working with an axe .
a group of men in red life jackets are paddling a yellow kayak .
a man in a blue shirt is chopping wood from a pumpkin .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
two young men are selling goods .
a man walking through the forest .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
a man and woman dancing .
a boy in a tire swing .
a man and a woman are playing in the snow .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are dancing .
a woman is rock climbing .
a woman is climbing a wall in a forest .
a woman climbing a rock face .
a blond woman is rock climbing with a rope attached to a rope .
a rock band plays on the street .
a rock band plays on the street .
a child on a swing .
a little girl is sitting on the ground .
a young child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is crying .
a boy swinging on a tire swing .
a group of people are performing .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt cutting something .
a man cutting meat on a grill .
a man cutting meat .
a man cutting meat .
a man cutting meat .
a man cutting meat in a kitchen .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man using a knife .
a man in a black shirt is holding his arm to his face .
a man is making a peace sign .
a man cutting wood .
a man holding up his hands .
a group of people are outside .
a man chopping wood .
a group of young people are watching a group of people .
a man with his hands on his head .
a dog runs in a field .
a toddler is wearing a blue outfit .
a child stands in front of a fence .
a toddler is wearing a hat with a red shirt and blue shorts and a blue shirt .
a baby is in the middle of a street .
a toddler is looking out from a fence .
a child plays with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are standing on a balcony .
a baby in a green shirt is holding a baby .
a child is holding something .
a boy is holding a pole .
a boy is holding a pole .
a child is sitting on a stone wall .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the grass .
a group of people walking past a large building .
a man and a woman are walking in front of a brick building .
people walk past a poster .
a man is walking down the street .
a blond woman is looking at a woman .
three young adults are sitting around a table .
a man is walking down the street .
a black and white dog is walking through the water .
a man and woman at a festival .
two men are jumping into the air in the air .
a dog carries a stick in the water .
a man with long hair and a beard is looking at something .
a small brown dog playing in the grass .
a group of people in a room .
a runner is running a marathon .
people gathered around a house .
a person running .
a man running in a race .
a man wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is running through the streets .
a man is walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a dog with its mouth open .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is jumping into the water .
a black and white dog is running towards a pond .
a black and white dog jumping into a pond .
a black and white dog retrieving a hose .
a black and white dog retrieving a hose .
people in a building .
a man is working on a project on a project .
a man is working on a project .
a worker working on a machine .
four basketball players playing basketball .
basketball players are playing basketball .
a basketball player holding a basketball .
a man trying to kick a basketball .
people playing soccer .
people sitting on a patio .
a young boy in a red and white striped shirt is sitting in a red chair .
a group of men play chess on the ground .
a woman wearing a white dress and hat is holding a long white purse .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
four people are sitting on a bench .
people wearing costumes .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting outside .
four people are sitting at a table outside .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people taking a break .
two women cutting dishes .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a girl sitting on a bench .
an old man smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench and drinking beer .
a construction worker talks on his cellphone while another man watches .
a young boy is sitting on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
a child wearing shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy eats his lunch .
a young boy is standing in front of fruit .
a child looking at the camera .
a child is holding a shopping bag .
a woman is using a red basket .
a man in a leather jacket is smoking a cigarette .
three women are in a vehicle .
a man working on a machine .
people playing soccer .
a worker works on a machine .
a man holding a plastic box .
a man with a blue cloth .
a man in a blue shirt holding a blue bag .
a man is cleaning something .
a woman in a blue dress is posing for a picture .
a man working on a machine .
a couple playing a game of games .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a group of children are in the water .
a group of children are playing outside .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
two people are playing in a game .
a girl in a bathing suit is swimming .
a girl in a blue bikini holding a sign .
a woman in a bathing suit laughs .
a little girl brushing her teeth .
a dog jumps in the air .
two asian men are sitting on a wooden floor in front of an old building .
people playing chess in a public park .
a group of people are playing chess in a room .
four men are sitting at a shooting table .
two young men are playing chess while another man watches him .
four people are looking at art .
two girls are looking at a pony .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
a little girl brushing her teeth .
three people are having a conversation .
an asian woman in a blue dress is doing a pose .
a girl is looking through a telescope on a bike .
a woman rides a bike .
a child playing with a toy .
a small boy is playing a video game .
a woman looking at something .
an elderly woman pushing a stroller .
an elderly woman is pushing a stroller in a park .
an elderly woman sits on a roller coaster .
a woman is taking a stroller .
people at an amusement park ride .
a man with a red apron is working on a grill .
a girl in a green green shirt is pushing her bike while riding a bicycle .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a man is working on a grill .
performers performing on stage .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people are walking .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a boy in a blue shirt with his eyes closed .
a man smiles at the camera .
a child playing a game .
a group of people playing music .
a young boy plays in the sand .
three children playing in the water .
two girls talking to each other .
a man working on a machine .
a man is working on a project .
a man is standing next to a house .
a man working on a machine .
a man is standing next to a house .
a man is fixing his electronic device .
a man repairing a building .
construction worker doing construction work .
a dog is standing next to a man .
people sitting in a vehicle .
three people sitting in a boat .
three people are sitting in an office looking at something .
three people in a vehicle .
people sitting on a bench .
people standing near a tree .
a bird flies through water .
a black dog running .
a child playing with a toy .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a child is playing in the snow .
a baby is playing outside .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
a child is playing in the sand .
a group of men playing hockey .
a young man dancing .
a guy doing a skateboard trick in a park .
a gymnast performing a handstand .
a man doing yoga .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a little girl is trying to get something .
a girl wearing a blue hat and blue hat .
a woman in a black jacket is walking .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a group of people are walking together .
a boat in a boat .
people kayaking on a river .
a man performing on stage .
people walking on the sidewalk .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man in a green coat is reading a book .
a man in a green coat is smoking a cigarette .
a man wearing glasses and a white shirt is reading a book .
a man reading a book .
a man reading a book .
a man giving a presentation .
a man giving a presentation to a group of people .
a person running in a race .
a man in a black shirt holding a sign .
a man running .
a man running on a marathon .
a runner in a race .
a skateboarder is skating .
a woman is having a drink .
the construction worker is sitting on the roof of a building .
people riding bikes .
a little girl is playing outside .
a biker rides down a tree lined road .
two people are taking a break from something .
a motorcyclist rides on a dirt path .
a young man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
three people grilling outside .
a group of people looking at the camera .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of asians are celebrating .
a person with arms outstretched .
a child wearing a blue and white striped shirt .
a man and woman pose on the street .
a baby is running down a slide .
a baby crying next to a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt and jeans is laying on the beach with his feet in the sand .
a young man stands in front of a crowd .
a young child is crying .
a toddler is crying .
a baby is crying .
a toddler in blue crying .
a toddler is crying .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a boy swings a bat .
four people enjoying the water .
a young boy runs through a field .
a dog walks through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a man on a street .
a man walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a building .
people walking down a street .
a person is taking a break .
a woman in a pink dress stands in a crowd .
a woman in a white dress is lying on the ground next to a man on the ground .
a woman in a brown dress is taking a picture of a woman in a brown shirt .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a little girl is sitting down .
a dog walks on the snow .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a black and white dog walks next to a tree .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a man in a black sweater is cooking food in a pot .
two men are walking down the street .
three men are standing in the background .
a man is standing next to a camera .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man is giving a presentation in a notebook .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a man on a computer .
a man in a black shirt is giving a cigarette .
a man is giving a speech .
a man giving a presentation while another man watches .
a man is talking .
a man giving a thumbs up .
a man in a striped shirt is taking pictures of a man in a striped shirt .
a football game .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a couple enjoying a sunny day .
a man sitting at a table .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting at a table in front of a table full of bowls of bread .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man in a sweater sits at a table with drinks .
a man is eating a meal at a table .
a man is sitting at a table eating food .
a man in a red sweater eating .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is taking a drink .
people waiting for a booth .
people walking by an old building .
people shopping at a market .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a woman is holding a book .
people are standing outside .
a man is walking on the beach with a dog .
four people on a escalator .
people on an escalator .
a man on a bicycle .
a man in a green shirt is bending over on the grass .
two people playing with their dogs .
two men fighting .
a man is looking at a menu .
two women are looking at their laptops .
two dogs play tug of war .
a boy doing tricks on his bike .
a person jumping in the air on a bike .
a person painting a portrait .
a person doing a trick .
a man is holding a trophy .
children playing in the water .
a young boy practicing a trick .
a woman in a black jacket is looking at a bag .
two women are walking down a street .
two men playing basketball .
a person walking down the street .
two men playing tug of war .
a man is helping a boy on the water .
a woman standing in front of a building .
a person is walking down the street .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a woman looking at her cellphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two men walking down the street .
a woman is talking on the phone on a busy street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
two men are running in a field .
two players are playing soccer on a field .
a person running in a race .
a man and a woman are playing a sport .
a football player in a white uniform is hitting the ball .
two people on a field .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
two football players are playing football .
two men playing basketball .
a man is sitting at a podium .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a chair next to a man who is sitting on a chair .
a man sitting next to a drum .
a man sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man reading a paper .
a man is holding a guitar .
two men are talking .
people walking down a street .
two men are talking .
two men are talking .
two police officers outside .
a man in a black shirt is shaking something .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is looking into a video camera .
an airplane in an airport .
a group of people are standing together .
two men are sitting at a table .
a group of people watching a soccer game .
a group of people watching a soccer game .
a person is looking at something .
a man walking down the street .
an army soldier giving a speech .
many people walking down a busy street .
a man holds a baby with a baby .
a woman in a dress .
three men are sitting at a table .
a boy is playing with a baby .
a mother and her child are laughing .
a woman with blond hair is playing with a child .
a woman holding a child .
a man cutting fish .
four men in a swimming pool .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the water .
a person is walking down a street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is looking at fish .
people walking down a street .
a woman working with a wire .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people performing on stage .
a person with a helmet on .
a group of people standing outside .
a child is looking at a toy .
three children are playing outside .
people walking down the street .
a child is running on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
a crowd gathers at an event .
a teacher teaching a student in a classroom .
a boy and a man work together .
a young boy in a yellow shirt is working on a project .
a runner in a yellow shirt is running .
a man in jeans is sitting in a chair .
children playing in the grass .
a boy is looking at a robot .
a young man sleeping in front of a blue door .
a man is sleeping in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman singing into a microphone .
people posing for a picture .
two young girls laughing and laughing .
two people pose in front of a fence .
children standing outside a building .
a woman in a park in a park .
two girls laughing .
two boys on a trampoline .
a person sitting on a bench .
two young boys are playing in the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a boy is holding onto a pole .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man sitting next to a fountain .
a person sits in front of a fountain .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
a group of people are relaxing outside .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of men are sitting on a lawn in a grassy area .
people preparing food .
a person riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man standing outside a building .
a man is standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt stands in front of a crowd .
a person walking down the street .
two children smiling .
two men fishing in a boat .
a man in a gray hat fishing .
a man fishing .
two men are sitting in a boat .
a woman holding a baby .
a man drinking water with a drink .
a man with long hair is sitting on a bench .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a man with long hair and sunglasses is drinking a drink .
people in a kitchen .
a man sitting on the grass .
a group of people marching down the street .
two men are wrestling .
a woman wearing sunglasses is standing next to a sign .
a black dog is running through the grass .
a man on a boat .
two men standing in front of a building .
two men are standing in front of a body of water .
a group of men on a boat .
two men on a boat .
this is a picture of a man in a white shirt .
a person walking along the beach .
a woman is about to hit a tennis ball .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a woman walking along a beach with a large wave in the background .
a woman walking down the street .
a clown celebrates a victory .
a group of men are standing on a street .
a group of people holding hands .
a group of people holding hands .
a group of people are walking along a street .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a group of people holding hands .
people walking down a street .
a group of men are walking down the street .
two men are sitting at a table .
two men are sitting on a floor .
two men , one wearing a black jacket and the other wearing a jacket .
three men are holding a piece of paper .
two men are wearing a black jacket .
a father and his son getting fun .
two men are preparing to carry their gear .
two men are sitting on the floor .
two men cleaning a box .
two men are working together .
two men are looking through a microscope .
two men working together .
two men are working together .
a girl is hanging out of a blue wall .
a young man using a hammer .
a man is using a hammer on a piece of wood .
a boy is using a hammer .
a man is using a piece of wood .
five men in a dimly lit setting .
a man in a white shirt is kneeling on the ground on the ground .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man in a white shirt holding a sign .
a girl is standing in front of a wall .
a policeman is standing on the ground .
a man in a red shirt is standing in a crowd .
a child stands next to a wall .
people participating in a parade .
a woman looking at produce .
a dog and a woman running .
a little girl in a pink dress is holding her hand .
a child is holding a child on a plane .
a man cooking meat on a grill .
a man is cooking food .
a man cooking .
an older man with a mohawk is preparing food with a birthday cake .
a man is cooking .
a man riding a bike down the street .
a man painting a picture .
a man paints a mural .
a man is taking pictures .
a man painting a picture .
a man is painting .
people walking down the street .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two people taking pictures .
a large group of people are shopping at a market .
a man is watching a dog .
a dog jumps in the air .
a little girl is getting her shoes shined .
children are standing next to a pile of leaves .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting at a table .
an elderly man taking a break .
two young boys are standing in the middle of a building .
two boys are standing outside .
two boys are standing in front of bushes .
two young girls are standing in front of trees .
two boys are standing outside .
two children are looking at a cow .
two boys standing on a pile of rocks .
two young boys are having fun .
people jogging .
a football player in a blue uniform is running .
a football player is running .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a boy is holding a basketball .
a young man is preparing food .
a boy in a blue shirt kicking a ball .
two young boys playing basketball .
a man and woman are dancing .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is talking .
an elderly man is walking down the street .
an elderly man is sleeping on his bicycle .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a man standing next to a wall .
a man with brown hair and a brown shirt is holding a microphone .
a child stands outside .
a man stands in front of a wall .
people are looking over a wall .
two people are standing outside .
two people are standing outside .
two people are painting .
people are looking at something .
a man playing the drums .
two football players running .
two football players at a football game .
two football players playing football .
two football players running .
two players playing soccer .
a man wearing sunglasses .
people are standing outside .
a band playing the drums .
two people are having a conversation .
three people in a building .
people are standing in a building .
three people are looking out the window of a building .
a group of people looking at the view .
people in a building .
a man selling items on a city sidewalk .
a person is looking into a display display .
a group of people are standing in a store .
an older man is watching tv .
a man standing at a food stand .
a child is standing in a train station .
a man reading a newspaper outside .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
a man listening to music .
a group of people playing soccer .
a little boy jumps in the air .
a man playing a drum .
two children playing in the mud .
a little boy in a swimming pool .
a child playing in a pool .
a young boy in a swimming pool .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman and her son are walking on the beach while others walk by .
a woman and her son are riding a horse .
jockeys riding horses .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a woman and her son ride a horse .
people riding horses .
a woman and a child are walking in a village .
people walking towards each other .
a woman and a child walk on the sidewalk .
a woman and a child are walking down the street .
a woman and child walk towards a woman .
two people walk towards two horses .
a woman and a woman on a path .
a woman and a child walk towards a woman on a horse .
two people walking on a gravel covered path .
people walking down the street .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing his guitar .
two people are playing instruments .
two people are sitting next to each other .
a man playing the drums .
a boy playing the drums .
two women smiling .
two women laughing .
two women taking pictures .
a man is holding a basket .
a man in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
two dogs on the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are biting each other .
two dogs biting each other .
a man is standing on a baseball field .
two dogs wrestle .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man spraying water into a fire .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is holding a gun .
a man in a white shirt is putting a hose .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in an orange shirt is holding a hose .
a man wearing an orange uniform is standing in a field .
a man wearing an orange uniform is working with a hose .
two men are talking in front of a video camera .
a man is dancing .
a chef takes a picture .
a man giving a presentation .
a man giving a speech .
a group of boys playing soccer .
children running on the grass .
two boys running down the street .
a young boy is blowing bubbles .
a boy is looking through a mirror .
a boy with glasses and glasses is smiling .
a child wearing glasses .
a man is standing in a store .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is selling food .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a photograph .
a dog on a beach .
a woman playing with a brown dog .
a woman running on the beach .
a dog and a woman in a yard .
two men are playing in a lake .
a man holding a video camera .
two women wearing hats .
a man holding a camera .
a dog walking down the beach .
a man holding a large camera .
a man holding a camera .
a young child is walking down the street .
a young boy swimming in a pool .
a little girl on a sidewalk .
two young men are wearing hats .
a girl in a brown shirt is hanging upside down .
a man catches a bull .
a little boy is sitting on the ground with his arms in the air .
a horse rides a horse .
a family eating .
a man holding a sign on the street .
a boy carrying a bucket walks with a bucket .
a young boy carrying a blue bag walks down the street .
a little boy carrying a plastic bag .
a hiker walks through the mountains .
a hiker walks with a mountain in the background .
a person is hiking through the mountains with mountains in the distance .
a person is walking down the street .
a little boy is looking at a young boy .
a boy standing on a trampoline looking at his dog .
a girl in a blue shirt is doing a handstand in a park .
a boy stands in front of a building .
two women are laughing and laughing .
two girls walking down a street .
two girls fight with each other .
a dog on the grass .
two girls are eating .
a dog is running through the grass .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a dog runs through the grass .
construction workers are standing outside .
hockey players at a game .
a dog is playing with a toy .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
three people are sitting on a bench .
two men are fishing .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking .
two men rowing a canoe on a river .
a man fishing on a boat .
a group of people are sitting in chairs .
a group of people in a crowd .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting in chairs .
a group of people sitting on a wooden floor .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
construction workers wearing hard hats .
two men are standing next to a body of water .
a child in a red shirt is blowing a box .
two men are looking at something .
a child is doing a flip on a sunny day .
a little boy is helping a young boy .
a group of children wearing costumes .
a woman is looking at a plate of candy .
a child in a blue shirt is getting ready for candy .
a man is cooking .
a child is playing in a house .
a child is playing in the snow .
a young boy is getting ready to dance .
a child in a costume .
a child is looking at something .
a child in a red and white striped shirt .
a woman is sitting at a table .
two girls are playing baseball .
a little girl is giving a thumbs up .
a young girl is giving money .
a child is helping a young boy .
a little girl is standing in front of a store .
a young woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt .
a boy swimming .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt .
a group of people are walking .
a baby is standing next to a box .
two people in the sun .
children performing on stage .
a group of dancers dancing .
a group of children are dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a boy pours sand from a shovel .
kids playing soccer .
three children are playing together .
kids playing in a fountain .
children playing outside .
a man drinking a beverage .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a woman reading a book .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man with a beard .
a man is holding a beer in a park .
a man playing the piano .
a man holding a baby .
a crowd gathers under a large crowd .
a man in a park .
a father and his daughter are sitting on a couch .
a young man is singing into a microphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man holding a baby .
two women walking on a trail .
a boy on a pole .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a middle aged middle aged woman wearing a black coat and carrying a bag .
a woman walking down a brick wall .
a woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
two men are sitting at a table .
two men are standing outside .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
an asian child is sitting on a bus .
a young boy with glasses and a coat is sitting on a bus .
a woman talks on her cellphone .
a woman is looking at her phone .
two women are smiling .
a boy doing tricks on his bike .
a brown dog is running through the water .
two children looking at books .
a dog is running on the beach .
a dog walks through the water .
a person stands next to a body of water .
a person walking down the street .
a busy city street .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a microphone .
a man in a hat is holding a rope and talking to a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is standing in front of a store .
a woman looking at something .
people are standing at a market .
two women talking in a shop .
two young boys are reading .
people are eating .
a man and woman eating food .
two women are looking at a booth .
people eating .
two people pose for a picture .
a man is standing in the ocean .
a man climbing rocks .
a man in a wetsuit surfing a wave .
a man climbing a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a net .
a man and a woman pose for a picture for a picture .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a man and a woman dance .
a goalie prepares to block a soccer ball .
a young woman wearing a gray shirt and blue jeans .
a soccer game with a soccer ball in the background .
a woman is standing in a crowd .
a man and a woman are outside .
two people in a crowd watching a crowd .
a group of young people practicing karate .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
two people practicing karate .
a boy kicks a soccer ball .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
two people practicing karate .
a young man in a blue uniform is practicing karate .
a young man in a martial arts class is practicing martial arts .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people in a game of martial arts .
two boys are playing soccer .
a man riding a horse .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a golfer performs a trick on a golf course .
a person with a hat .
a man is holding a golf club .
a man playing golf .
a man in a blue hat is trying to hit a golf ball .
a man is playing golf .
a man playing golf .
a young boy is talking on his cellphone .
two people riding on a scooter .
a child is looking into a field of green grass .
a man holding a cellphone .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting and drinking wine .
a group of people are eating .
young adults at a party .
two women wearing blue and white shirts .
two women , one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a white shirt and one in a white shirt , sing .
two young women are laughing .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street carrying an umbrella .
a woman wearing headphones is walking down a street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman jogging .
a woman in a black jacket is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is holding a blond toddler .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is holding a woman 's hair .
a group of people are fencing .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a group of men holding guns .
people posing in front of a snowy mountain .
a family is sitting outside .
people posing on a mountain .
family posing for a picture .
a group of people are gathered together .
construction worker working on a construction site .
a band performs on stage in front of a microphone .
a man working on a roof .
a person is sitting on the ground .
three people working on a roof .
a dog jumps into a toy .
a woman is preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman in a blue shirt is weaving .
a woman serving corn .
a woman in a blue shirt is cooking with yarn .
a woman is making a pizza .
a woman in a kitchen cooking .
a woman working on a loom .
two women walking over a carriage .
two women walking down the street .
people are crossing a walkway .
a group of people crossing a city street .
kids playing in a park .
a group of children on stage .
a group of people playing instruments .
a young woman wearing a necklace .
a fireman standing in a vehicle .
a woman is petting two puppies .
a line of people in a line .
three women are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people standing outside .
an older man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people are looking at a plane .
two wrestlers wrestling .
two girls are reading .
a girl jumping into a pool .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a girl swims into a pool .
a young woman in a bikini is jumping .
a woman is jumping into the water .
a woman is jumping into a pool .
a woman in a bathing suit takes a jump into a pool .
a person walking down the street .
a man and a woman are fighting .
a child in a blue shirt is jumping .
a skateboarder does a trick in a skate park .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick in the air with his left hand .
a skateboarder jumping off a ramp .
a group of children are walking up steps .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a group of people at a bar .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair sits in front of a row of trees .
a man in a wheelchair .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people at a concert .
a man watching a man in a suit .
a group of people are hanging upside down .
a man is trying to take a break .
a person hanging upside down .
a man in a blue shirt is hanging out on a patio .
a young child eats a meal at a restaurant .
a man is standing in the sand .
a man on a beach .
a man is standing on sand .
a man snowboarding .
a man on a beach .
a man on a beach .
a man riding a bike .
a man on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a man stands next to his surfboard .
a man is standing on a beach .
a man is holding a surfboard .
a man is walking his dog on his cellphone .
a man holding a dog .
a man is walking by a pier with his cellphone .
a man is walking his dog .
a child walking in the snow .
a black dog is standing in the snow .
a little girl is jumping on a pillow .
a dog is holding a leash in its mouth .
children are playing in a room .
a family is sitting at a table .
a group of children playing together .
a group of people on a raft .
a group of young boys playing in a fountain .
a brown dog is playing with a ball .
a little girl in a pink dress smiles .
a dog and a man are standing in the snow .
a gymnast performs on a balance beam .
five men playing basketball on a court .
two women hugging each other .
people are on a street corner .
a group of people are standing outside .
people waiting to cross the street .
a shirtless man is walking on a crowded street .
a man in a blue shirt holding a net .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
a man is running down the street .
a man on a hill .
a person playing with his friends .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick .
a group of women playing soccer .
people are working on a train .
a woman running in a marathon .
a girl in a black shirt is running on the grass .
a man and a woman are wearing jeans and a white shirt and jeans .
a group of people are walking .
a group of workers cutting a board .
a girl is running on a track .
three people walking down the street .
three people taking a picture of a woman .
a man in a forest .
two older women taking pictures .
people taking pictures .
a little boy is walking .
a group of people taking pictures .
a woman is talking to a man in a gym .
a man is walking on a course .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting in the water .
a boy is splashing in the water .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a group of women wearing white shirts and holding hands .
people are sitting on a bench .
a man reading a book .
a group of people are looking over a railing .
two dogs playing together .
a man jumping off a jet board .
a boy is standing on a rock .
three people sitting outside .
people sitting on a large bench .
three people are talking to each other on the phone .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a ball .
a woman walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man selling food .
a woman selling goods .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a woman stands in a market .
a woman sitting on steps .
a man playing tennis .
a woman in a kitchen .
a woman with long hair is sitting down .
a woman is cooking .
a woman in a black dress is walking .
two men are singing into microphones .
two men are performing on stage with guitars on their heads .
two men playing guitars and singing into microphones .
people are singing .
two men are playing a musical instrument .
two men are performing a concert .
two men are playing instruments .
a man sings into a microphone .
two men are playing musical instruments .
a young child playing with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is skiing down a hill .
a man skiing down a snowy hill .
a baby is sliding down a snowy hill .
a man is standing in front of a store .
a man is sliding down a hill in snow .
a man is jumping in the snow .
two girls are laughing .
two girls hugging each other .
a man skiing down a snowy hill .
a group of people are dancing .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people wearing colorful clothing .
people are walking down a busy street .
a man is painting a mural .
a man is reading a sign .
a crowd of people are taking pictures .
two people walking through the snow .
two people are taking a picture of something .
a person stands next to a camera .
a group of people taking a picture .
a crowd of people holding up flags .
a woman standing in front of a yellow building .
a woman standing in front of a yellow building .
construction workers are working on a building .
a little girl is pushing hay .
a little girl playing with hay .
a little girl picking hay on hay .
a group of people are riding horses .
a girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is helping a group of people .
a woman standing outside .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a man is standing next to a man .
a woman standing outside a building .
an asian woman stands outside a building .
a toddler is eating .
a young girl is helping a young child .
a child drinks from a drink .
a child is helping a young child .
a baby is drinking .
a man rides a bike .
a soccer player is throwing a ball .
a soccer player kicks a ball .
a man in a gray shirt is looking at something .
a man and woman dancing .
a man playing soccer .
a woman is playing tennis .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a girl swimming underwater .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a vest and a man in a vest .
a man wearing a vest and vest .
a man is holding a hammer .
a woman is walking down the street carrying a broom .
a woman walking down the street .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a woman walking in front of a taxi .
people in a bar .
a person getting ready to throw something .
a group of women taking pictures .
a woman and her friends pose in a basket .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a young child is smiling .
people are standing in front of a restaurant .
a group of men are standing in a booth .
a group of people are sitting on the street in front of a store with a sign .
a man is walking down the street .
a man sitting in a booth .
a man is standing at a restaurant .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting at a table eating .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man practicing a trick .
a group of people performing a routine .
a man is looking at a piece of papers .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman standing in the grass .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman standing outside .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman smiling .
a group of people are sitting on the water .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a woman stands near a body of water .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
people are fencing .
a man in a suit is playing the accordion .
a man is holding a video game .
a man in a black shirt is holding a stick .
a man in a blue jersey is holding a basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a video game .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a bowling ball .
a man is playing an instrument .
a man playing the drums .
a man is holding hands in his hands .
a man playing a guitar .
a young woman dances with a young boy .
two men kissing each other .
a man in a red tank top is standing on a rock .
a man is brushing another man 's hair .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing to another man .
a man is licking another man 's face .
a woman in a pool swimming pool .
three people are playing in the snow .
people sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
three women are walking down the street .
a man and woman are talking .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
a man working on a computer .
a man holding up his hands .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man smiling .
a man is holding his arms .
a man floating on a boat .
a man is standing on a boat .
a man rides a boat .
a man sits in a boat .
a man paddles a boat in a lake .
a soccer game in a field .
a man running in a race .
people playing soccer .
two people are laughing .
a couple taking a picture .
people are standing in the grass .
women walking down the street .
a kayaker paddles a rapids .
a couple walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a white shirt .
a man is sitting in a bed .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man is jumping on the beach .
a person is rock climbing .
two elderly men are sitting and looking at something .
a man giving a presentation to a group of people .
two men are talking .
a group of people standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a dog walking down a busy street .
a dog is standing on a leash .
a busy city street .
a man holding a dog on a leash .
a woman writing on paper .
a woman is sitting on a rocky ledge .
a young woman poses for a picture .
a person poses for a picture .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman looks at a telescope while a woman watches .
a woman with long hair is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man using a hammer .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man is sitting on his face .
a man is eating .
a young boy eats a sandwich .
a child eating a meal .
a person in a white shirt is putting on a piece of paper .
a man prepares to throw something .
a group of people are standing on the grass .
a man is working on a car .
a man is trying to fix a vehicle .
a car drives down the street .
two women talking .
a firefighter working on fire .
a boy hitting a pitch .
a man is standing at an atm .
a person sweeping the street .
a boy is holding a rock .
a woman walking down the street .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a group of dancers wearing red and red costumes .
four women dancing .
dancers performing on stage .
girls dancing .
a man in a red shirt is watching a group of people .
indian dancers dancing .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man in a white shirt is operating an american flag .
a man sweeping the street .
a woman jumping high in the air .
a child wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a child on a tree .
a man climbing a rock .
a man on a skateboard .
a man climbing a rock .
a boy climbing up a ramp .
a man is pushing a cart on an escalator .
a child sitting on a bench .
a child in a red shirt is running down the street .
a group of people are pouring something into a container .
two men playing ice hockey .
a group of people watching a crowd .
hockey players are playing hockey .
two men are playing basketball .
a child is jumping .
a child jumping on the sand .
a little boy jumping on the beach .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a man playing a guitar .
two men carrying an object .
a young boy in a blue uniform is running .
the football players are tackling the ball .
two people are working on a patient .
people are watching a horse .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
jockeys are racing on a racetrack .
a large group of dogs play in a field .
an older man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people riding horses .
two people are standing outside .
a man is standing next to a red car .
a child is sitting in a red car .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man standing next to a car .
a child in a red car .
a woman is walking her phone .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
a man sitting at a desk .
two women are sitting in a restaurant .
a man is putting up a piece of metal on a sign .
a man is dancing .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are dancing .
a brown dog is running through the water .
a woman stands under an awning .
a man and a woman are looking at pictures .
a man surfing a wave .
people waiting to sell food .
a baseball player playing baseball .
a man in a blue shirt is about to hit a soccer ball .
people shopping at a market .
a football player runs towards a fence .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a child skating on a ramp .
people are standing around a fire .
a group of people holding hands .
a mother and her son are sitting on the snow .
a mother and her daughter are sitting on a sidewalk .
a group of people are holding plates .
a baby eating cake .
people sitting around a grill .
people walking in a crowded area .
people walking down a street carrying umbrellas .
people are walking down the street .
a woman walking down a street .
people watching an event .
people walking with umbrellas .
a man on a bull .
a rodeo rider in a rodeo .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a man playing a guitar .
people at a sporting event .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
a group of people enjoying the water .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man using a microphone with a microphone .
a man is in front of a camera .
a man is looking at something while another man looks on .
a man in a white shirt is getting his haircut .
a man is pointing at the camera .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two men are having a conversation .
a man holding a camera .
a group of women talking to each other .
two women wearing hats .
two men competing in martial arts .
a black man is singing into a microphone .
a boy is skating down a ramp .
a kid doing a skateboard trick .
a boy in a yellow shirt is doing a trick .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
a boy jumps over a barrel .
a skateboarder jumps a barrel .
a boy skating in a skate park .
a skateboarder jumps over a barrel .
a rollerblader jumps a barrel .
a man and a woman are looking at the ocean .
a couple posing in front of water .
two women are looking out into the ocean .
two people looking at something .
a boy and a girl play at the beach .
a young child wearing a yellow jacket and pink boots is walking on a sidewalk with her dog .
a young child plays with her dog .
a girl is walking in the snow with her dog .
people are walking down the street .
a child is walking with a dog .
children playing on the beach .
a woman and her son enjoying the day at the beach .
a woman holding a camera .
two women smiling .
two girls are posing for a picture .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking a picture of a plant .
people walking on a path .
people riding on a trail .
a group of people in a forest .
people walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
people walking on a dirt road .
two lab lab workers looking into a microscope .
a man on a sidewalk .
a group of firefighters look at a microscope .
three people are looking at the tire of a bicycle .
two people are getting married .
a woman running on a track .
a group of people in a crowd .
a soccer player in a red uniform is playing soccer .
a man playing soccer .
a man watching a man in a suit .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
children are sitting at a park bench .
a group of children are relaxing .
two girls are sitting on a stone bench .
two girls holding hands .
two girls holding each other .
two girls with a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people holding hands .
three girls are playing .
three girls are eating at a restaurant .
a girl is dancing .
a young girl is giving a presentation .
three young women at a bar .
two people posing for a picture .
two people are standing in a restaurant .
several men are working on the railroad tracks .
a baseball player prepares to throw a baseball .
people sitting in front of a stage .
a man is taking a picture .
a person is walking down the street .
three men are working on a telephone pole .
a woman is balancing her arms .
a man grilling meat .
two men are sitting at a table with computers .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
a group of people are standing outside .
people posing for a picture .
workers are standing in a factory .
two workers are working together .
a group of people are performing .
a boy in a striped shirt is crying .
a black and white dog running .
a gymnast is doing gymnastics .
two women are walking down the street .
a dog runs through the snow .
a child is walking down the street .
a boy with a red hat is holding a toy .
a child holding a child on his shoulders .
two women and a child are walking along a wall .
a band plays on stage .
four men are sitting on a bench .
three men playing guitars .
a group of people playing instruments .
three men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are holding a guitar .
three men , one in a white shirt and the other in a black shirt , and one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one with a white shirt , and one in a white shirt , one with a white shirt , and a man in a white shirt and a white shirt are looking down .
three men are playing instruments .
a woman working on a loom .
a man walking along a brick wall .
a man walking down the street .
a band plays music .
a man sitting at a desk .
a person is doing a handstand .
a man in a blue shirt is standing at a gas station .
a man is standing in front of a construction site .
a group of people on a crowded street .
a man with no shirt on .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are riding horses .
a man is carrying a child .
a toddler in a striped shirt is sitting on a swing .
three people climbing a mountain .
three people on a ski lift .
two women are playing tug of war .
a group of people are riding horses .
a person on a concrete block .
a person in a costume .
a man is dancing .
a woman running in the rain .
a car drives by a car .
a car drives down the street .
a woman jogging in the rain .
a race car is racing .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a football player is running .
a football player wearing a white jersey is running .
a football player is looking down at a football player .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man and a woman are dancing on the side of a street .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
people washing a truck .
two children washing a car .
a family taking a nap .
a girl splashing into the water .
little kids are standing in front of a row of trees .
a dog walks through the snow .
three women cleaning a truck .
an asian man and a woman are working in a restaurant .
a person walking on a sidewalk .
a skier is looking at a mountain .
a girl in a white dress is walking down the street .
a man riding a bike in the woods .
two people looking at a book .
a man singing into a microphone .
a boy in a white shirt is playing with a ball .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two guys sing into microphones .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
two people are holding computers .
a man drinking a beer .
a man drinking a beer .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman is walking across the street .
people walking .
a brown and white cow jumps over a cow in a rodeo .
a black and white dog is running towards a dog .
the brown and white dog is running in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a brown and white dog chases a sheep .
a man is sitting on a bicycle looking at the sunset .
two people walking down a wooded trail .
a man is sitting on his bike .
a little boy is standing on the floor .
a young man is dancing on a stage .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a young girl dancing .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog shaking off water into the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a dog swims in the water .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
a group of women are working together .
a wedding party .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a man is pointing at a camera .
two people hugging each other .
a man in a black shirt is dancing .
a man with no shirt on .
two men are wearing sunglasses .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
two men are talking to each other .
a man wearing sunglasses and a man wearing sunglasses .
a man and woman talking to each other .
a man and woman are leaning against a building .
a man in a black shirt is talking to a long piano .
a woman on a beach .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman on a beach .
a young girl is running with a child .
a band performs in a band .
a young girl is flying a kite .
a man is walking under a bridge .
a man working on a machine .
a person walking .
a man is sitting in a doorway .
children holding signs .
a child is sleeping in an airplane .
a woman giving a bouquet of a bouquet of flowers .
a child is looking through a window .
a child sleeping in a vehicle .
a girl is holding her hand .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a street vendor stands outside .
a crowd of people in a city .
a man and a woman are standing with food .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a person is walking down a street .
a boy is pointing at a plate of food .
a person walking down the street .
a man is carrying an umbrella .
a man with a red umbrella walks .
a man in a blue shirt is working with his umbrella .
a person is holding an umbrella .
a man is reading a paper .
a woman is riding a bike down the street while others walk down the street .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a woman is taking a picture .
two asian girls smiling .
two girls are sitting at a table .
two girls are looking at a green marker .
a girl in a blue shirt fishing .
students waiting for a class .
a man is looking at something in his suitcase .
a man pushing a cart full of food .
this is a picture of a woman sitting on top of a flight of stairs with her eyes closed .
a person rock climbing .
a man snowboarding in the air .
a man is doing a handstand on the ground .
a person is snowboarding into an airport .
a person laying on the floor on the floor .
a man is playing guitar .
an old man sits in front of a door .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man in a black hat is sitting next to a podium .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy is walking through the desert .
a boy is riding a donkey .
a white dog is holding a stick .
a group of women are standing in front of a bouquet of flowers .
a brown dog is chewing on a plate .
a boy is riding a donkey .
four people in a library .
two women looking at books .
people looking at books .
a family is sitting in a classroom .
two women reading books in a library .
two men are walking down the street .
a dog is running .
a man is cooking .
a man and a woman in a kitchen .
two men drinking beer .
three people are sitting at a table .
two people are eating a meal .
people walking down the street .
a group of people wearing pink hats .
a group of people walking .
people walking down the street .
children playing soccer .
kids playing soccer .
a little girl is helping a boy in a jungle gym .
two young children are playing on a playground equipment .
the brown and white dog is running .
a student is cutting something in a classroom .
a middle eastern man is doing a routine .
a teenager is riding his bike .
a teenage boy doing a trick .
a man sleeps on the floor with a cat sleeping on the floor .
a girl is sleeping with a cat in her lap .
a girl sleeping on a bench .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a man holding a video camera .
a little girl running through the grass .
a man taking a picture .
a group of men wearing blue shirts and black pants .
two men are doing a discussion .
a man is doing a trick .
a person is doing a flip on the beach .
a group of people doing yoga .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs walking on the sidewalk .
two dogs walking in the snow .
three dogs are standing in the snow .
a dog chases a dog .
a construction worker wearing a hard hat is drilling rocks .
a young construction worker wearing a hard hat is using a hammer .
a man wearing a hat .
a worker is doing a trick with a hammer .
a construction worker wearing a hard hat .
a man and a woman are playing in the snow .
a girl in a purple shirt is standing in front of a fence .
two girls at a softball game .
a man in a blue and white uniform is holding a bat while standing in front of a crowd .
a man is doing a trick on a bicycle .
a young girl getting ready to hit a softball .
a girl hitting a softball .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a girl on a rock .
a boy in a blue shirt is at a kitchen counter .
a girl looking at the water .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a girl on a rock .
a woman holding balloons .
a girl is standing in the sun .
a woman selling flowers .
a woman is laying down next to a bicycle .
a woman is lying down .
two women are walking down the street .
a young woman relaxing on a bench .
a woman is laying on a blanket in a grassy field with a bike behind her .
a woman sitting on a blanket in a field .
a woman is sitting on a lawn .
a girl laying on the ground .
a woman laying on a blanket .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is lying down .
a woman is laying in a park .
people are washing a car .
two people are taking a break .
two people are looking at a car .
two people are standing outside .
a group of people looking at something .
a boy with headphones and headphones .
a man surfing on the beach .
a man in a black shirt and a woman wearing a black shirt .
two people wearing helmets .
children playing outside .
a man snowboarding .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a black shirt is carrying a bag .
a young child plays with a toy .
four construction workers are working on a project .
construction workers in hard hats work .
a group of men are looking at a patient .
construction workers are working on a project .
a group of women walking across a bridge .
a woman is preparing food .
a man and a boy are standing on a bridge .
two people on a bridge .
two people are standing on a bridge .
a man and a boy are playing outside .
an older man and a little boy are standing on a wooden bridge .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a young man in a blue shirt is holding a young boy .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a boy .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
people are standing in a shop .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of people are having fun .
people are talking on cellphones .
people walking around a building .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people walking .
barber at a barber shop .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a group of teenagers are sitting on the street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a couple enjoying dinner .
a couple having a conversation outside .
a group of people are talking .
a man and a boy are playing soccer .
a man is holding a small child .
a man and a boy are playing in the water .
a man diving into a small child 's pool .
a man is throwing a child in the air .
a man in a wetsuit is jumping into a swimming pool in the ocean .
a man throwing a child into the air .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a toddler is in the air .
a man getting ready to catch a child .
a toddler is in midair .
a man is throwing a boy 's hand .
a man is playing with a little boy .
a man is throwing a small boy .
a man is throwing a soccer ball in the air .
a man is playing with a boy .
people swimming in a pool .
a man lifting weights .
a woman is getting ready to eat ice cream at a table at a table .
a man holding up a large stick .
a man in a white shirt is lifting a basketball .
a man is doing a handstand on a gym .
a man playing golf .
firefighters put out a fire .
a fireman on a fire .
two firemen fighting in a fire .
a group of men wearing hard hats are working on fire .
a group of children are looking at the camera .
a fireman working on a fire .
a young woman is holding a little girl 's hand .
a boy brushing his teeth .
a group of children playing outside .
two children climbing a tree .
three people are climbing a tree .
a group of people on a balcony .
a man playing tennis .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a female tennis player is about to hit the ball .
a man is swinging at a tennis ball .
a man is swinging at a tennis ball in front of a tennis ball .
a man playing tennis .
a man standing in front of a white sign .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a girl playing soccer .
a girl kicks a soccer ball .
a group of young girls in soccer uniforms are standing near a soccer ball .
four girls playing soccer .
people look at something .
an asian native american man is performing a dance .
a girl kicking a ball .
a family is relaxing on a porch .
a man holding a child .
a woman holding a baby while holding a baby .
a woman carrying a shopping bag is carrying a shopping bag .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a soccer player wearing a green and white uniform is standing in a field .
a man carrying a ball .
a football game in a football game .
football players playing football .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people on the side of the road .
a man driving a motorbike down a street .
a girl on a boat .
a girl is holding a bottle of water .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl in a bikini with a bottle of water in the water .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl in a blue shirt is playing with a man .
a woman is kicking a young boy .
a woman and a man are having a conversation .
two people are sitting around a table .
a young woman in a bikini is kicking a man in a blue hat .
a young woman in a pink shirt is holding her arms .
a woman and a woman in a boat .
a woman is kicking a soccer ball .
a man and a woman on a boat .
a woman is kicking a soccer ball .
a man is working on a fire .
a man working on a fire .
a man is sitting next to a firetruck .
two firemen are walking towards a cloud of smoke on the back of a truck .
a fireman driving down the street with a fire .
three people standing in a parking lot .
people are walking through a parking lot .
a group of men are walking down a street .
two men are holding a beer bottle while a woman watches .
a group of men are carrying beers .
two people holding hands in their hands .
three people walking down a city street .
a busy city street in a city .
a group of people are walking on the street .
three people are standing in a city .
people walking in the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
two men are walking behind a woman .
a woman dressed in shorts and a white shirt is walking .
a woman walking down the street .
a young woman is walking down a street .
a girl wearing a purple helmet .
a bride holding a bouquet of flowers .
a large group of people in a river .
a group of people on the beach .
a woman wearing a wedding gown .
a group of people on a raft .
a group of people in a raft .
a man in a police uniform with a gas mask .
guy skateboarding .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick .
a man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs are fighting each other .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is sitting on a bench next to a brick wall with a mural on it .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a cafe .
a musician is singing into a microphone .
adults sitting on a bench .
four people are playing a musical instrument .
people are listening to music .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people sit on a bench in front of a cafe .
a baby walks past a building .
a group of people watch a presentation .
two men climbing a rock .
a person riding a bike .
people walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a person wearing a hat and a hat .
children playing in a building .
people in a market .
a man is looking at something .
two people are playing instruments .
two men in white shirts are holding instruments .
two men holding instruments .
two men are playing instruments .
a young boy is looking at something .
a woman getting ready to cross the street .
a woman in a pink dress is laughing .
a person is jumping on rocks .
a woman looking at the water .
young men playing volleyball .
a dog jumping over a hurdle .
a boy in a blue shirt is throwing a pumpkin .
a woman carrying a bag on her head .
two dogs play in the snow .
a snowboarder is going down a snowy hill in a forest .
a woman walking down the street .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a man performing a trick .
a man is using a sculpture .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a man in a pink hat rides a unicycle in a parade .
four women are laughing .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is sitting on the sidewalk talking to another woman .
a man wearing a blue shirt and carrying a bag .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a woman is taking a picture .
two men are talking .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man is carrying a flag .
a woman is walking down the street .
people are talking .
a young man sitting on a bench while talking on his cellphone .
a boy chases a young boy .
four women sit on a bench next to each other .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two people talking to each other .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
people posing for a picture .
a football game with a football in the background .
a group of men protesting .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people are waiting for a protest .
people are looking at something .
a man with his arms crossed .
a band is playing music .
two women walking down the street .
two women posing for a picture .
two girls walking down a street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing outside of a shop .
a person is walking down the street .
a man cleaning a pot .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is hugging her face .
a lady is walking down the street with her eyes closed .
many people are walking down a busy street .
a man selling food .
a man is sitting on a stoop .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
three surgeons performing surgery .
a doctor performing surgery .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
children dressed in colorful costumes .
a group of children perform on a stage .
a woman is looking at a white building .
a group of children dancing .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a dog licking its nose .
a group of cyclists are racing .
soccer players playing soccer .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a motocross rider tries to get a turn on his motorcycle .
students working in a laboratory .
a woman wearing a yellow hat and a yellow hat .
a man stands next to a boat .
a man is pushing a boat in a lake .
a man fishing .
a man is pushing a boat in the water .
a man is standing on a boat .
a female security guard leans against a railing .
a security officer is taking a picture .
a worker uses a sewing machine .
a police officer is talking .
a woman using a sewing machine .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
a woman is talking to a woman .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a cyclist is smiling .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a woman is crossing the street .
a person jumping high in the air .
a woman taking a break from a bike .
a boy is watching a young boy .
a woman is playing with children .
a woman is wearing gloves and gloves .
a woman in a red and white checkered shirt is painting with a woman .
a woman is kneeling next to a colorful wall .
a woman is kneeling next to a large white table .
a woman is standing on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is kneeling on the ground .
a woman walking down the street .
a man wearing a black shirt and white pants is sitting on a bench .
a woman stands on a rock .
two people racing on a track .
two people waiting for the finish line .
a little girl is holding a stuffed apple .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman sitting on a couch .
a young man teaching students in a classroom .
a couple riding a bike .
a man stands next to a boat .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a boat .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a man in a park .
a man in a park .
a person in a park .
a man on a sunny day .
a man throwing a frisbee at a park .
a man throwing something .
a guy with a frisbee in his mouth .
a man catching a frisbee in a rodeo .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a group of people standing around .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is working at a market .
a man working on a roof .
a man is standing next to vegetables .
a man in a market .
a man selling vegetables .
two men fighting .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a man teaching a group of students .
people are playing in the snow .
people standing in the snow .
people watching a video game .
people are walking down a street .
a man speaking to a crowd of people .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing into the water .
two women are looking at something .
two people are laughing .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of men are preparing food .
two women looking at each other .
a man is posing for a picture .
two men are playing music .
three women are smiling .
three men are working on a building .
three men are working with a large glass glass .
a young girl is sitting in a public place .
two men are working on a table .
a young child swimming underwater .
a girl swims in the water .
a woman is swimming .
a gymnast is dancing .
a jockey is jumping a hurdle in a competition .
a woman in a costume .
a dancer is performing .
a boy playing baseball .
a woman stands in front of a market .
a woman standing outside a store .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a little girl is pushing a stroller in a stroller .
a man is sitting on the ground .
two children in a park .
a boy is reading a tree .
a boy and a girl are playing in the park .
a boy and a girl are playing in a park .
a boy is reading a newspaper in a park with a girl in a pink t shirt .
a man and woman ride bikes .
two bikers wearing backpacks .
a man is walking down the street .
a dog swims in the water .
a young woman is standing on the sidewalk .
a man in a black shirt is walking .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a dog swims in the water .
a man is standing outside .
two children are sitting in a stroller .
two babies are sitting next to a fire engine .
two kids are in front of a firetruck .
people are floating in a boat .
two people are sitting in a canoe .
two people are in a canoe .
two people in a canoe .
two people in a boat .
two women walking down the street .
two people are walking past a road with graffiti on it .
two people carrying garbage bags .
two people walking down a road .
a group of hikers are climbing a mountain .
a group of people are standing outside .
people climb down a hill .
a group of climbers are in snow .
a person hiking through the snow .
a woman looking at produce .
people walking through the snow .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a child hitting a baseball .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a baseball player about to hit the ball .
a group of people playing instruments .
a dog runs on the beach .
a group of people are performing .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is running .
two people in a library .
people are playing instruments .
a man kneeling in front of a wall .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a man is cutting something .
a man is standing in front of a house .
a man is working on a train .
a man is cutting a wall in a kitchen .
a man in a red shirt fixing a house .
a man in a red shirt stands in front of a crowd .
a band is listening to a band in front of a crowd .
a woman is sitting next to a book .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting in a chair with a book next to her with a book .
a woman sitting on a chair on a chair .
a woman is sitting in a chair on the arm of a woman who is sitting on the arm .
a man on a cellphone .
a woman in a green dress holding a cellphone .
a woman wearing a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing drums .
a man with a guitar is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone in front of an audience .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a band performs in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
three men are sitting on a mountain .
three men are sitting on a rock .
a man playing basketball .
a group of people in a stadium .
three people are sitting on rocks .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a group of men enjoying the day .
three men are sitting on rocks .
three men are sitting outside .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a man sitting in a folding chair .
two babies sleeping .
a baby is wearing red .
children are sitting at a table .
two babies are eating ice cream .
a person sleeping on a boat .
a person sitting on rocks .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with a red bag is sitting on a rock .
a man is standing on a ladder holding hands .
a little girl is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are jogging in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man is standing on a large stone structure .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is playing with a child .
a girl wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child jumps in the air .
a young child is crying .
a child plays with his daughter .
a man is hanging from a large structure .
a group of people marching .
a group of people marching .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of protesters protesting .
a young girl is getting a dish .
a young child is making chopsticks .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man is helping a child how to climb up a pole .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a father is playing with his son .
people playing basketball on a roller coaster .
people sitting in chairs .
a man is sitting in front of a computer .
a man working at a computer .
a man painting a picture .
a man working on a scaffold .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture of a painting .
a person painting a wall .
a group of adults are standing around a table .
a man paints a ceiling .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy jumping into a pool .
a child jumping into a pool .
a baseball player in a red and white uniform holding a ball .
a woman with a tattoo .
a little boy wearing a life jacket .
a little boy playing in the water .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a little boy is jumping in a pool .
people sitting at a library .
a young boy is sitting at a table .
a baseball player looking at the field .
a woman applying makeup on her head .
people watching a game .
a woman is competing in a competition .
a man working on a sculpture .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a sculpture .
a woman using a sewing machine .
a man in a white shirt is making art .
a man is holding a guitar .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man reading a paper .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
two people are singing .
a man singing into a microphone .
there is a fire in the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a young boy plays in the sand .
a man snowboarding down a snowy hill .
a man is laying in a field .
a person walking down the street .
a man is smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a person relaxing on a bench .
a group of young women are posing for a picture .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
three men having a conversation .
a group of women dancing .
a crowd of people dressed in black and black .
two women dancing in a bar .
people dancing at a club .
two dogs play in the grass .
two brown dogs are playing tug of war .
two boys are having fun .
three dogs running in the grass .
three dogs running through the grass .
four people are sitting on a blanket .
four people are sitting on the ground on the ground .
a group of people sitting on a blanket .
people sitting in a library .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man and a woman in a building .
two women talking to each other .
a band performs on stage .
people enjoying a wave .
a man in a white shirt doing a trick .
the sun sets in the sun .
a snowy mountain with mountains in the background .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people are standing together .
people enjoying a wave .
a man and a woman are in front of a lake .
a group of boys on a stage .
two women are sitting on the beach .
a road crew is fixing the road .
a group of boys scouts standing in line .
a boy scouts is standing on a stage .
four men are performing on stage .
a group of men in military uniforms are marching in a parade .
a group of men dressed in costumes are marching in a parade .
a group of men are playing instruments .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
two men are playing instruments .
a man playing with two dogs .
a man is listening to music .
a dog walks through the snow .
a person on a bicycle .
a cyclist carries his bike .
a man carrying an object .
a man carrying a bicycle .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is cutting a piece of art .
a man is watching a group of people .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man on a ladder .
an artist working on a sculpture .
a man is using a hammer .
a man is holding something .
a man carving a statue .
a man working on a machine .
a man wearing glasses is making a sculpture .
two girls are playing in a gym .
a girl is standing on railroad tracks .
a girl wearing a tank top is standing on the train tracks .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a girl on the railroad tracks .
a woman standing on railroad tracks .
a girl is sitting on the ground .
two girls are standing on a sidewalk .
a person is walking down the street .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl standing on a sidewalk .
a child is standing on the ground on the ground .
a girl on a train .
two women are washing the windows of a glass window .
three women are sitting at a table .
three women cleaning a window .
a child plays in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a young boy playing tennis .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of men are marching past a group of people .
two men are carrying signs on the street .
people are walking down a street .
a group of dogs are standing in a field .
a group of men dressed in black marching .
a man and a woman are standing next to a railing .
a group of women dressed in black and white .
a girl is jumping .
a man holding a sign .
three men are talking .
three men are talking to each other .
three men are sitting at a table with microphones .
a group of people are talking .
three men are standing at a table at a table .
a little girl is feeding a baby .
a child running on a parking lot .
a worker is sleeping .
a person sitting on a bus .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a duck is standing in a field .
people sitting on a snowy hill .
a group of people dancing outdoors .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing soccer .
a young man kicking a soccer ball .
a boy is playing with a ball .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy playing soccer in a field .
a child is playing with a soccer ball .
a child is playing with a child .
a group of children are playing a game of soccer .
a small child plays with a toy .
a child is playing with a soccer ball .
a boy playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a young boy in a blue and white shirt is playing soccer .
a young boy playing soccer .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball .
a group of small dogs in a field .
two dogs are swimming .
people walking down a street .
two dogs in a pool .
a dog lays in the water .
two dogs swimming in a pool .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a group of cheerleaders dressed in white and white .
a group of people gathered around a podium .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a young man taking a picture of a picture .
a dog jumps off a ramp .
a woman is trying to pull something .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
people are walking through the woods .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking .
a man talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a man holding a microphone .
a group of people are gathered together .
the little girl is crying .
a teenage girl stands in front of her arms .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
two people sitting on a bench .
construction workers wearing hard hats .
a dog jumping off the ground .
a dog jumps through the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person laying on the ground .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man in a hawaiian shirt is holding a microphone .
a person in a blue shirt holding something .
people are looking at art .
a man wearing a helmet is skiing .
two people are looking at an art gallery .
a group of cheerleaders are cheering .
a woman and a baby are laughing .
a group of people are having fun .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
people looking at artwork on the street .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl is laying down on the ground .
a soccer player on the field .
a woman is getting ready to hit the ball .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple is kissing each other .
a woman laying down .
a man sitting on a train .
a group of people are sitting on a green train .
a train station with a train in the background .
a train waits for a tunnel .
a train train in a train station .
a train station with a train in the background .
a man is working on a train .
a man is working in a park .
a boy playing basketball .
a man driving a train .
cheerleaders are hugging a fan .
a group of young girls are cheering .
people swimming in the water .
a group of people are riding a motorcycle .
a group of people are swimming .
a skier on a course .
a group of women dressed in white and white uniforms .
a man in a costume is running .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
a man dressed in black is running a race .
a runner is running down a street .
a man running in a field .
a man skateboarding .
a young man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a young man is skateboarding .
a man with a skateboard on the side of a bridge .
a closeup of a woman with a dog .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a teenager jumps over a rail on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick in a skate park .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a man and a woman are looking at something while another woman watches .
a man is using a painting .
teacher teaching students how to class .
a woman looking at a bottle of water .
two martial artists practice martial arts .
a dog in a puddle .
a man is standing next to a group of people .
a man in a suit .
a man poses in front of a church .
a man with his face painted with his face .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man jumping in the air .
a person is jumping into the air .
a man in a suit is jumping in the air .
two people talking on cellphones .
a man in a blue jacket sitting on a bench .
many people are walking down a busy street .
two men in a crowded street .
many people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a hot tub of water .
a woman is kissing a girl .
a man in a green shirt is walking down a street .
men working on a project .
girls are playing volleyball .
two boys are playing in the sand .
people walking through a marathon .
two people in a desert .
two people walking through sand .
a group of boys playing soccer .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a child rides a bike .
a child rides a bike down the street .
a boy is looking at the water .
a young boy rides a bike through the ocean .
a child rides a bike through a puddle .
people enjoying a drink .
a man in a striped shirt is fishing .
a group of people are fishing into the water .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk with lights in the background .
a group of people are standing outside .
two women drinking beer .
a man fishing from the shore .
a cashier is checking a customer in a grocery store .
a man is standing on a platform .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is wearing a yellow hat .
two men are talking to each other .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man in a blue shirt is raising his arm .
a man is pointing to another man .
a girl in a blue shirt picking flowers .
a young girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of people walking down a street .
a group of dancers perform for their audience .
men in shorts playing soccer .
five men walking down the street .
five men racing on a track .
a group of people competing in a race .
four black dogs are competing in a race .
a young woman is holding flowers .
a group of runners race .
a child is crying .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child is playing in the snow .
two men are sitting at a bus stop .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a busy city street .
a man working at a desk .
a man using a computer .
a man working on a computer .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a computer .
a man working at a construction site .
two people waiting at a bus stop .
two men are sitting at a bus stop .
people enjoying a sunny day .
a skier swims in the snow .
person in orange pants skiing .
a person is skiing through the snow .
a skier in red .
a skier is sliding down a mountain .
a band is sitting on a stage .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two men competing in a volleyball match .
an older woman holding a basket in a field .
four people are looking at paper .
asian students are looking at paper .
two dogs in the snow .
a group of people standing in line in line .
two dogs play in the snow .
a couple posing for a picture .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a woman with a hat on her head .
a person is on a beach .
a woman in a bikini is walking through a river .
a woman is laying on the water .
a mountain with mountains in the background .
a child is sitting on a bench .
two men wearing hats .
a group of people watching a crowd .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a group of children on a wall .
a man on the beach .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer in a wetsuit rides a wave .
a group of people holding signs .
police officer protesting with police officers on the street .
people waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a group of men are talking to a group of people .
a family is gathered around a carnival .
a group of men are waiting for something .
children playing on the beach .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man is looking at two children .
a young girl is helping a group of children .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
hikers walk through the snow .
a dog swims in the water .
skiers on skis .
people are standing in the snow .
people climb a mountain .
three people are skiing on a snowy mountain .
a woman sitting on a train .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black dog is playing in the snow .
a dog digging in a hole .
people walking down the street .
a black dog runs through the snow .
a woman reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a woman in a black jacket reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a man standing next to a car .
a little girl brushing her teeth .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a little girl is crying .
a little girl brushing her teeth .
a child brushing her teeth .
a man is cleaning a fish .
a young girl brushing her teeth in front of a mirror .
three children are looking at a lake .
a little girl in a mirror .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a group of people dancing .
a man is pushing a bicycle while another man walks by him .
a woman is waving at a bus .
people walking down the street .
a woman is waving at a bus .
a man is holding a paper bag .
a woman holding a baby .
a man holding a paper .
a woman in a white shirt is walking .
a woman is lying down .
a boy is jumping on a bed .
a woman is walking down the street .
a boy is jumping up .
a child jumping on a trampoline .
three women are talking to each other and talking .
three women talking to each other .
three women talking to each other .
three women talking outside .
a group of women singing and playing instruments .
two men are looking at a car .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through a field .
two greyhounds racing on a track .
two people working on a car .
two men talking to each other .
a dog jumps up to catch a frisbee .
a woman stands on the edge of a cliff .
a woman in a black dress stands near the edge of a cliff .
a young woman is sitting in a chair .
the brown dog is running in the grass .
a girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is doing a handstand with her friends .
a girl is rollerskating .
a girl on rollerblades .
two women dressed in pink and white on a dirt road .
a skateboarder on rollerblades .
people sitting at a bar .
two women are standing on a busy city street .
a man in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people in a room .
a man and woman are looking at vegetables .
a woman walking away from the ground .
a group of people are talking .
a dog plays with a sprinkler .
a baby sleeping on a couch .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a baby is sleeping on a couch .
a baby is sitting on a couch .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
people walking along a city street .
a boy sleeps on a couch .
a child is sleeping on his shoulders .
a baby is sleeping on his back .
a toddler is sleeping on a bench .
a toddler is sleeping in a room .
a toddler sitting in a chair .
a boy laying on a couch .
a woman laying on a couch .
a shirtless man is laying on a couch on a couch .
a boy is sleeping on a couch .
a boy is sleeping on a bench .
a child holding a baby .
a baby is splashing in the water .
a man holding a child .
a man is sitting on the floor in the doorway of a garage .
a man with glasses holds a child .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a young african american man is holding an american flag in his hand .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people waiting for the finish line .
people walking down the street .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a group of runners race .
three people are standing near a body of water .
a man and a dog are walking .
a person riding a horse .
a man on a horse with a sword in the background .
a man riding a horse on a horse .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a truck parked next to a truck .
a woman sitting at a desk .
two men standing in front of a stadium .
two men are standing next to a truck .
two men loading trash .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a man riding a bike .
a boy rides his bike in a skate park .
a man riding a bike .
a man repairing a bicycle .
a woman working on a loom .
a young man rides a bike .
a man holding a microphone .
an elderly woman is holding an umbrella .
young men practicing martial arts .
a busy city .
a group of men in black uniforms are practicing martial arts .
two men are fighting in front of a crowd .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
students are practicing martial arts .
a group of students are practicing martial arts .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
a group of students are outside .
people walking down a street .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt cooks on a loom .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
the white dog is walking along the beach .
a man stands at a farmer 's market .
a dog is standing in the ocean .
a child on a horse .
a boy riding a horse .
a boy riding a horse .
a man welding a pipe .
a small child is riding a horse .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a child is sitting on a swing .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a man taking pictures .
two dogs run along a gravel path .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a black and white dog running with a brown dog .
two dogs are playing together .
two dogs play with a ball .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs are playing together .
two dogs play in the grass .
a child is playing on a swing .
a man taking a picture .
four women and a woman playing a musical instrument .
a group of people playing instruments .
four men playing guitars .
people are playing instruments .
a child on the beach .
three musicians are playing instruments .
a man sitting at a desk .
two women standing in front of a net .
a man walking down the street .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a man in a white shirt holding a camera .
a man holding a fishing pole .
a dog and a dog are standing on the beach .
a couple enjoying the sunset .
a man is checking his phone .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man standing in front of a building .
a woman is looking at something .
a child throwing a ball .
a person is racing .
a crowd watching a race .
a man is standing in the water .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is walking down the street .
a man waterskiing .
a man is holding a rope .
a man in a wetsuit is jumping into the water .
a man skiing .
a young boy is bowling .
a person is looking at something .
a tree with trees in the background .
a dog is running towards a stick .
a woman serving food at a market .
a man holding a piece of paper .
a woman in a colorful dress walks across the road .
a woman wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a girl walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a blue suit is walking down the street .
a woman walking on the sidewalk .
a dog carries an object in its mouth .
a black and white dog is running in the water .
a woman in an orange scarf looks at the camera at the camera .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is listening to music on a bus .
a man walking down the street .
baseball players playing baseball .
baseball players playing baseball .
a man on a baseball field .
a baseball player is attempting to kick the ball .
a man is playing baseball .
a man is looking out of a bus window .
baseball players playing baseball .
a man walking on a path .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a young boy playing volleyball .
a young boy playing volleyball .
a boy is holding a ball .
a boy playing soccer .
a young boy playing volleyball .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man walking away from the camera .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a little girl is hugging a little boy .
people walking down the street .
two men are sitting at a table drinking beer .
two men drinking beer at a bar .
two men drinking beer .
two men drinking beer .
two men drinking beer .
a man walking up a mountain .
a person on a mountain .
a person walking down the street .
a woman with a backpack is walking down the street .
a man hiking in the snow .
a man hiking through the snow .
a man hiking through the snow .
a person hiking through the snow .
a group of people holding signs .
a crowd of people holding signs .
a crowd of people holding signs .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two dogs are sitting on a bed .
people walking by an old building .
a bike rider jumps through the air .
police officers are talking .
police officers are standing on the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a man taking a picture .
a man on a bmx bike does a trick on a bmx bike .
a man holding a camera .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a child is playing in the water .
a group of people on a beach .
two men drinking beer .
a group of women are walking along a beach .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of people on the beach .
two women walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue life vest is kayaking .
a group of children in a classroom .
people enjoying a boat in a boat .
a group of people in a room .
a man is listening to headphones .
a group of students sitting in a classroom listening to a lecture .
a man in a green jacket is doing headphones .
students listening to a presentation .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
children playing in water .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black coat and gloves is boxing .
a man is holding a wire and looking up .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt and blue gloves is holding a piece of metal .
a man in jeans is holding a wire .
a man holding a wire .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a piece of paper .
a man in jeans is holding a wire wire .
a man in a hard hat is working .
a man in a yellow shirt is looking at something .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
children playing in the water .
a man is riding a train .
a man using a cellphone .
a man is sitting on a street corner .
football players on the field .
a woman talking on the phone on the subway tracks .
two girls are playing soccer .
three people are walking down the street .
a view of a mountain .
a man and woman are standing by a street .
a car is walking down the street .
people standing near a car .
a man sitting on a bench .
a dog chases a ball .
children eating .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
two older men are sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
an african american woman wearing a black dress .
a woman talking on her cellphone while talking on her cellphone .
a woman is sitting on a cellphone .
a girl talking on a cellphone .
a man crossing the street .
a man juggling drums .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside .
a man is walking a dog .
a man is sitting on a subway train .
a child is surfing in the ocean .
people on a bus .
a group of people throwing water .
a child stands in front of water .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
children playing in the surf .
three dogs play together .
a woman is holding a baby .
two dogs on the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
people playing volleyball .
a group of dogs are running in a field .
two dogs are sniffing each other .
a football game with a football game .
a man juggling drums .
doctors performing surgery .
people are sitting on a subway .
a woman with glasses is holding a baby and pointing up .
a man riding a bike .
a group of people on a boat .
a boat and a boat .
a boat in the water .
a group of people on a boat .
a large boat with many passengers .
people rowing a boat .
people on a boat .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a young boy plays in the grass .
a man in a suit is looking at something .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child is standing on a rock .
a child stands in the water .
a child in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy in a yellow t shirt is sitting on a stool .
a little boy in a striped shirt and blue shorts is swimming in the water .
a baby is laying on a wooden table .
a woman is applying makeup .
two football players playing football .
two dogs running .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people are looking at a window .
a group of workers working at a restaurant .
a view of a window .
a football player attempts to block the ball .
a basketball player trying to block the basketball .
basketball player trying to block the basketball .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a group of people are on stage .
a street vendor selling his sunglasses .
a vendor is standing on the street .
a band is performing on stage .
a group of people looking at a screen .
a person is looking out the window .
a man reading a newspaper .
two men are walking down the street .
a man is reading a book .
two women walking down the street .
three women walking down the street .
three women in blue shirts are walking down the sidewalk .
two girls are playing outside .
three women are walking down the street .
a party party .
three women walking .
two women smiling .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy doing a trick on a skateboard .
a boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a skateboarder is sliding down a rail .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a construction site in a construction site .
a girl playing with a stick .
men standing at a construction site .
football players playing soccer .
a group of young men are playing soccer .
two basketball players compete in the air .
a group of football players play in front of an audience .
football players playing football .
a football player holding a whistle in his hand .
a man working on a computer .
a dj playing the keyboard .
a group of people are marching .
a group of people walking down the street .
people protesting on the street .
a group of people are protesting .
a boy is sliding down a blue slide .
a large group of people watch a young boy .
a boy in a blue shirt playing a game .
a man getting ready to hit a sword .
a young man is wearing a gray shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is hitting a picture .
two dogs are playing together .
two dogs are standing next to a sign .
a brown dog is running through a field .
two people standing in front of a sign .
people are sitting in front of a large mural .
a man holding a poster .
a couple sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman with long hair wearing a necklace .
a woman and a woman are sitting at a table with jewelry .
two people waiting for the bus .
two people are sitting at a table .
a crowd of people listening to music .
people walking .
people walking down a street .
a woman walking across a cobblestone street .
a woman is walking on a sidewalk with two other people .
a woman walking across a crowded square .
a band performs on stage .
a girl is playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a band performs on stage .
a woman playing tennis .
a group of people in a room .
two men are at night .
a man is standing next to a fire .
people are standing around a fire .
a football game with a fire in the background .
a group of people kayaking on a river .
a group of skiers on a boat .
a group of people in a boat .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people are riding on a river in a river .
two men kayaking .
a group of people are riding a white raft .
an elderly woman sits in a chair .
a person looking at something .
two men walk by a canal .
two men are talking to each other .
two men walking down the street .
an elderly woman wearing a blue shirt .
two men standing in front of a building .
a man on a stage .
a man with tattoos .
a man wearing a hat is speaking into a microphone .
a person wearing a hat and hat .
two women fighting .
the snow is covered in snow .
a man walking in the desert .
people walking in a mall .
two people are waiting for a race .
a car drives down the street .
two men are standing next to each other .
an older man is preparing to start a race .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a motorcycle .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of people walking down the street .
a young boy slides down a slide .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child is playing in the snow .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
two race cars race .
two older men are walking down the street .
a race car drives down a racetrack .
two cars race down the street .
people racing on a track .
a group of people running in a city .
people running in a marathon .
people walking down a street .
a man standing on a sand dune .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman in a red shirt speaks at a podium .
a girl in a tub of water .
a woman is giving a speech .
a dog swims in the water .
a boy jumping in the air .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a dog in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a little boy in a swimming pool .
a man playing a guitar .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a black shirt is playing guitar .
a shirtless man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a dog is eating a newspaper .
a man playing an accordion .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of people in a parade .
a man working on a ladder .
a person diving into a pool .
a group of men are standing in the street .
a band performs on stage .
men marching in a parade .
a man climbing a tree .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men are walking down the street .
a person is taking a bath .
a man is smiling .
four people are playing in the water .
a man is jumping in the air .
two people are standing in front of a mountain .
people walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of children playing soccer .
a girl is drawing a pinata while others watch .
a young girl jumping .
a young girl drawing a picture .
children playing outside .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person walking down the street .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a girl in an orange dress is drawing on the ground .
a person laying under a tree in the shade of a tree .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy is holding up an object .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a life jacket is sledding through snow .
a young man in a blue shirt is eating food .
a young boy in a grocery store .
a child is looking at a child .
a child is eating .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a family poses for a picture .
a family poses for a picture .
a wedding party takes pictures .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman with a hat and a hat .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench under a tree .
a man is sitting in a truck .
an asian man looking at something .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
basketball players playing basketball .
a boy rides a skateboard .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a child is playing in the snow .
women competing in a roller derby competition .
four women competing in roller derby .
a group of girls are rollerskating .
women competing in roller derby .
a girl wearing a uniform .
a woman selling produce .
a market full of produce .
a man buying vegetables at a street market .
a woman sitting at a table .
a young girl is performing a dance .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two guys playing volleyball .
a girl in a pink shirt is jumping .
a woman is writing in her notebook .
a woman is writing on a piece of paper .
a woman is sitting on a bench in front of a coffee shop .
a young girl in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a basketball player in a white uniform is attempting to block the ball .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
two men walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is taking a break in the air .
a person jumping in the air .
a man is taking a coffee break .
a man is jumping in the air with a coffee cup .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man is holding a cup in his hand .
a man is walking down the street .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is taking a drink .
a man holding a cup of beer .
a man holding a coffee cup .
a person is jumping with a drink in the air .
a man in a black shirt is jumping with a cup .
a man is jumping with a coffee cup .
a group of men wearing white shirts .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man in a white shirt is jumping .
a man jumping off the ground .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man mowing a lawn mower .
two boys playing in the ocean .
a woman in a black shirt is sweeping .
a woman sweeping the floor .
a woman sweeping a building .
a woman cleaning up a wall .
a woman cleaning the floor .
two girls wrestling .
two girls dressed in costumes .
a woman is laying on the floor .
a woman cleaning something .
a man is walking down the street .
two girls dressed in costumes .
four young girls are walking down the street .
a teacher is holding a piece of paper .
people walking down the street .
a woman and a child are shopping with shopping bags .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking up a wall .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
four people are working on a bicycle .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
two dogs play in the grass .
a child on a sled pulling a cart full of snow on a sled .
five children are laughing .
a little girl plays with her son .
a person skiing in the snow .
people playing instruments .
a man swinging on a swing .
children playing in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is fixing a piece of paper .
a man with glasses and glasses is talking to another man .
two men climbing a flight of stairs .
a man in a blue shirt is skateboarding in front of a man .
a man is looking at a television .
a skier in the snow .
a man does a skateboard trick in the city .
a man skateboarding at a skate park .
a large group of people are sitting in a plaza .
a drag racer drives a race .
a boy swimming in a pool .
people at a protest .
four children are diving into a swimming pool .
children at a swimming pool .
a group of people are swimming .
two children are swimming in a pool .
three children are jumping into the air .
a group of children in bathing suits .
children at a swimming pool .
a group of children playing in a pool .
a group of young boys are standing together .
four children are jumping into a swimming pool .
a group of children jumping on a trampoline .
four children swimming in a pool .
two hockey players on the ice .
two hockey players are wrestling .
two wrestlers fighting .
a man in a black shirt is walking past a group of people .
a girl wearing shorts and a blue shirt is jumping .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
a man and a woman are playing with a dog .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people are playing with their dogs .
people at sunset .
two people are sitting on a bench .
three people cleaning something .
a white car is parked behind a wire fence .
four people are talking .
a group of people are cleaning .
two men relaxing on a bench .
two men taking a break break .
the cars are parked on the street .
several cars parked on a city street in a city .
cars parked on the street .
two men standing next to each other .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
men standing in a marathon .
two men are standing in a parking lot .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people in a park .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a park bench .
a woman is waving out of a window .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man hitting a tennis ball .
two young girls are laughing and laughing .
a man is taking a picture of a parade .
a man taking a picture of a man .
a group of people are having fun .
a man taking a picture .
people walking down a street .
a cowboy in a rodeo .
a man wearing a cowboy hat .
a person on a beach .
two women are sewing .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a rodeo rider watches as a man watches .
a boy laying on a rock with his feet in the water .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a man poses for a picture .
two dogs running on the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running through water .
two dogs running through a field .
a man and a woman are standing next to a dog .
a woman holding a megaphone .
a little girl plays with a dog .
two men walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman posing for a picture .
an artist drawing a portrait .
a man in a black jacket is smiling .
a man on a horse .
a woman posing for a picture .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a park .
a man is looking at a window .
a woman is giving a speech to a crowd of people .
a man is looking at something .
a group of people are talking .
a man in a green t shirt at a factory .
a man is holding his hand .
a group of people are working .
a man in a blue shirt working .
a man wearing a cap and a baseball cap .
a man is working on a computer .
a group of people taking pictures .
a pitcher catches a ball .
a man is riding a bike .
a baseball pitcher in a blue and white uniform is throwing a ball .
a man is watching a soccer ball .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is bowling .
people in a gym .
two people talking to each other .
two men are working on a plane with a plane in the background .
a child is playing a video game .
a man playing a game in a restaurant .
a child is walking away from home .
a boy is sitting in a chair playing a game .
a young boy plays a video game at a casino .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man is standing in a crowd .
a group of people are standing next to a car .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man is talking .
a group of people on a dirt track .
people are racing on a dirt road .
two men scuba diving .
two dogs running .
a group of people riding bikes .
two people are walking with balloons .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman walk down the street .
two people are holding balloons while others look on .
a group of cheerleaders are on the track .
a man standing in front of a computer .
a group of people taking a picture .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
an african american woman wearing an orange t shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is looking at her cellphone .
an african american woman looking at her cellphone .
four children are looking through microscopes .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man with a beard and a beard is holding a tray of food .
men working at a construction site .
a little girl holding a bag .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman wearing a blue dress .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing outside .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a boy sit on a bench .
two people carry their luggage .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man looking at something .
two people are holding hands .
a man with a basket on his head is smoking a cigarette while smoking a cigarette .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth is holding a basket of plants .
an asian man is holding a basket on his head .
a tennis player holding a tennis ball .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a man on a basketball court .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
two young men are playing in a gym .
a person riding a bike .
a biker on a balance beam .
a cyclist wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a biker is jumping over a hill .
a bmx biker jumps .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a brown dog standing on a dirt road .
a boy stands next to a body of water .
a dog is digging in the snow .
a dog looks into the distance .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs play with each other .
a black and white dog playing with a toy .
two boys walking down the street .
two dogs are playing tug of war .
two children are laughing .
a group of children eating .
a man is cooking food .
a group of children are playing a game of chess .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a woman is preparing food on a grill .
a couple kissing and kissing .
two people pose for a picture .
a couple smiling .
a man and woman are smiling at the camera .
people posing for a picture .
the little girl is kissing .
two men riding a motorcycle .
two motorcyclists on the road .
a woman is petting a dog .
a brown dog licks her teeth .
two people riding motorcycles .
a young girl is sitting on a rock .
a woman is giving a presentation .
people shopping at a market .
people looking at books .
a group of people looking at books .
children having fun at a party .
a group of people in a library .
two police officers are talking .
people are working on a project .
two people are working on a project .
a group of workers wearing aprons .
two people in a room .
two construction workers are working in the street .
two people are sitting at a table .
a group of workers are cooking .
workers working on a project .
people shopping in a store .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a man in a blue shirt is holding up a large pole .
two children are laughing .
a young boy plays with a train set on the floor .
a boy smiles at the camera .
a dog catches a ball .
a woman climbing up rocks .
four girls are sitting on a carnival ride .
a woman with a microphone is holding a microphone in front of a sign .
a young woman with a ponytail and a ponytail .
a woman climbing a stone structure .
a woman rock climbing .
a young woman is climbing a stone structure .
a woman with long hair is holding a tennis racket .
a woman in a black dress is climbing a rock wall .
a woman rock climbing .
a boy is looking at the water .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a swimming pool .
a young girl in a swimming pool .
a person swimming in a pool .
a woman on a cellphone .
a little boy is walking .
a child is walking with an adult .
a child is walking with an adult .
a boy walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people riding on a boat .
a man wearing a black dress .
a woman in a costume is performing a handstand .
people wearing headphones .
a little boy and girl eating .
a girl jumping on a trampoline .
a man playing guitar on stage .
a view of the sky .
an older man is looking through a telescope .
a man is looking at something .
a man is walking down the street .
children dressed in colorful costumes .
a group of children are watching a performance .
a group of kids are dancing .
a group of people on a street .
a group of children watching an event .
a group of children dressed in costumes .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of people are attending an event .
a crowd watching a group of people .
a woman is taking a picture of a group of people .
a group of people are looking at a mirror .
two men are talking to each other .
men standing outside a store .
two men in suits are walking down a street .
two men standing in a doorway .
a busy street in front of a road .
a man walking down the street .
a busy city street .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
people walking down the street .
a man surfing a wave .
a person riding a bike .
a biker riding down a slope .
a motorcyclist rides a bike .
a guy riding a dirt bike .
a man standing in a city .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a person shoveling snow .
a football player is being tackled by a football player .
a boy is working on the ground .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing some work .
a man raking leaves in a yard .
a man dressed in a suit .
a boy sitting on a bench .
people are working on a project .
people walking down the street .
a busy street in india .
several people are walking down a street .
a young boy on a beach .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a person climbing a rock .
a black dog in the water .
a man in a hat is standing next to a computer .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a young man in a hat is holding a gun .
a person rock climbing .
a man is making something .
three people at a laundry mat .
a group of children working on a floor .
a brown dog with a black collar and a brown dog with a brown dog on it .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are standing together .
people are working on an escalator .
people are sitting in an art gallery .
two people standing in front of a fruit stand .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is reading a map .
a black dog walks in the snow .
a group of people looking at a monument .
children look at a statue .
a man and a woman are riding horses .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a man stands behind a fire .
a man stands in front of graffiti .
a person in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man in a green jacket looks at a wall .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two women are walking down the street .
a young girl pushing a wheelbarrow .
an elderly woman is looking at something .
a woman looks at her friend while looking at her .
a man is looking at an old woman .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is walking down the street .
a woman with long hair .
a girl is standing on a rock .
a group of people are working on a train .
a brown dog is playing in the grass .
a dog jumps into a swimming pool .
a black dog is running through the water .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog is standing in the water .
two boys are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
two young children shoveling snow on a sidewalk .
two children shoveling snow .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
two children shoveling snow .
a woman speaking at a podium .
a man giving a speech .
a man is walking down the street .
people enjoying the beach at the beach .
a group of people are playing soccer .
people playing instruments .
a man working on a roof .
a young child is walking down the street on a sunny day .
a man playing the drums .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a woman is playing tennis .
a greyhound greyhound is racing .
an artist holding an axe .
a cowboy at a rodeo .
cowboys riding horses .
a bull catches a bull in the air .
a person is falling into the air .
a person walking down the street .
three men wearing red and red .
people are sitting in a park .
a group of people are gathered together .
people in the sun .
people sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people are walking around .
a truck is parked in a field .
a child is playing in the snow .
a boy points his finger .
a child is playing in the snow .
a toddler is pointing to the camera .
a child is pointing .
a toddler is playing in the grass .
a toddler is standing on the sidewalk .
a child in a red jacket is pointing towards the sky .
a person walking down the street .
a man carving wood .
a band performs on stage .
two men are walking down the street .
a city street with buildings in the background .
a boy on a swing .
a group of people looking at an art gallery .
a group of people at an event .
people at a museum .
a group of asian people are gathered together .
a group of men and women are sitting and eating food .
a woman is running down the street .
people sitting around a table .
a man is jumping off a horse .
a girl is holding something .
a girl holding a stick in her hand .
a man is walking past a crowd of people .
two women and a man are walking past a park bench .
a cowboy riding a bucking horse .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is swimming .
the man is laying on the ground .
a woman is laughing .
a man sweeping trash .
a woman in a towel .
two dogs are playing in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a couple walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk away from the side of the road .
a man is climbing cement .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a man in a red apron is welding .
a man in an apron is cooking .
a man in a green apron is using a telescope .
children playing in the water .
a man swimming .
people are standing in the water .
a woman is wearing a red hat .
a man and woman are looking at something .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man and woman wearing hats .
a clown rides a bike .
a man is playing golf .
a man is painting a picture .
a young man is climbing up a wall .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a wall .
a man riding a bike .
a boy in pajamas is brushing his teeth .
a child is making a mop .
a little boy is playing with a mop .
a little boy is brushing his teeth .
a little boy plays with toys .
a little boy is playing with a mop .
a little boy is playing with a mop .
a toddler is brushing his teeth .
a person is sitting on a bike .
a toddler plays with a toy toy .
a man in a black shirt playing the drums .
people are walking down a street .
people are eating .
people at a restaurant .
a restaurant employee is working at a restaurant .
a waiter in a restaurant .
a waiter is preparing food in a restaurant .
a chef takes a meal with his food .
a chef is working at a restaurant .
workers work on a road .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a calf .
a young boy in a blue shirt is reading a book .
a small boy at a rodeo .
a group of people are sitting at a rodeo .
a child points at the camera .
a young girl is running .
children on a trampoline .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man with long brown hair .
a little boy and girl jumping on a trampoline .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing guitar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a biker rides a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a man doing a trick on a bicycle .
a guy riding a bike .
a woman in a black shirt kissing a man .
a teenage boy talking on his cellphone .
two people are standing outside .
two people sitting outside .
people are standing around a building .
two people are sitting in front of a cafe .
people standing outside of a shop .
a person riding a bike .
people shopping at a fruit stand .
children riding bikes .
a man playing the accordion .
an old man playing a guitar .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a girl in a pink shirt is playing tennis .
a man and a woman are standing next to a man .
a man wearing glasses is playing a guitar .
a person in a red shirt is doing a trick on a sunny day .
two women standing next to each other .
a young man is attempting to hit a little boy on the ground .
a woman in a costume at a parade .
a baby is laughing .
a boy playing in a puddle .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a boy wearing a hat and a hat .
a group of people competing in a competition .
a group of people watching a match .
a baby holding a cellphone .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people walking down a street .
a man in a city street .
four people walking down a road .
a toddler in a blue shirt is running .
a little boy is jumping on a bed .
a child is jumping on a bed .
a child looking at a display .
a young child is standing in a bakery .
baseball players playing baseball .
a child looking at food .
two women are standing in a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is holding another man .
a woman walks past a brick wall .
two boys are playing in a grassy park .
a boy is sitting next to his friend .
a woman in a red dress walks by a wall .
a person walking down the street .
a man stands next to a wall .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is standing on a street .
a man walking down a street .
two dogs fighting .
a man is sewing a sewing machine .
a man riding a bucking bull .
a woman works on a sewing machine .
protesters march down the street .
women working on a sewing machine .
a man in a suit is talking to another man .
a surfer rides a wave .
a child is petting a tiger .
a man and a woman are singing .
two people are playing instruments .
two people playing instruments .
a woman in a green shirt is playing a violin with a man in a black shirt .
a person holding a camera .
a group of people wearing traditional clothing .
two teams are playing soccer .
a hockey goalie attempts to block the puck .
a group of people are having fun .
two men are playing hockey .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is smiling .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman holding a cellphone .
two girls are walking down the street .
a group of people walking .
two dogs play in the grass .
people shopping in a market .
a band performs on stage .
a group of men are standing in front of a camera .
a man and a woman are smiling and laughing .
a group of people wearing costumes .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are gathered together .
a boy in a towel on the beach .
people walking up the street .
a boy on a beach .
a group of people walking down a tree .
a man sitting on a bench .
a boy in a black coat is walking .
two women are riding bikes .
a man on a hill in a forest .
two people are bowling .
a woman bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are cooking in a kitchen .
a woman is performing a dance .
a boy is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is performing .
a woman is playing the guitar .
a woman singing and singing into a microphone .
a young woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman holding a guitar .
a woman plays guitar and sings into a microphone .
an asian man is sweeping .
a child is pushing a stroller .
a woman taking pictures .
a person taking a picture .
a group of men are walking down a street .
a group of men are hanging out in the street .
a group of boys are standing by a building .
a group of young men standing in front of an apartment building .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a man with a beard is sitting on a chair .
a group of people are looking at graffiti .
a man riding a horse .
a woman wearing a pink dress .
two people are standing outside .
two women walking down the street .
a scientist looking at something .
two women wearing hats are walking .
two women walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street carrying umbrellas .
two women walking down the street .
two women walking .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a man talks to a speaker .
an old man in a barber shop .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a bicyclist rides down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue cap is holding a stick .
a martial arts artist poses for a picture .
a person wearing a yellow and white striped shirt .
a man with a sword .
a woman in a blue suit is smiling .
a man holding a sword .
a man holding a sword .
a young boy is practicing martial arts .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is talking .
two dogs on the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs wrestle in the grass .
two dogs playing together .
a man is blowing bubbles .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a person riding a bike .
a car drives through a red car .
people on a sunny day .
a baseball player is sliding towards the base .
a baseball player slides into the base .
a baseball player tries to throw the ball .
a woman running in a race .
a group of people are laying down on a stage .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man and a woman are in front of a crowd .
two people perform on a stage in front of a crowd .
two people perform a concert .
a group of people watching a performance .
two people pose for a picture .
two people are posing for a picture .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a man is standing in a crowd .
a group of people performing on stage .
two people are watching a performance .
people walking down the street .
a group of people on a river .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a girl swims in the ocean .
a young child is playing on a bed .
people playing music in a cafe .
a boy pushes a cart full of bags .
two dogs running through water .
a child is riding a scooter .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two dogs standing in water .
people dressed in costumes .
a man is wearing a pink shirt .
a boy is standing in front of a firetruck .
a lab in a lab .
a man taking pictures .
a dog walks through the forest .
a dog is drinking water .
a man sitting on a chair .
a man in a leather jacket is taking a picture of a car .
a man taking a picture .
a man rides a skateboard .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a girl in a white shirt is smiling .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a man driving a motorcycle .
students sitting in a circle .
two girls are sitting on the floor in front of a girl who is sitting on the floor .
two girls are sitting down .
a man is wearing a pink shirt .
a girl in a black shirt and a man in a blue shirt are at a table .
a surfer rides a wave .
a young child eats a meal .
a man working at a construction site .
a man with a beard and glasses is wearing a hat .
a man using a laptop .
a man sitting in front of a computer .
a man using a laptop computer .
a dog jumps into the water .
a dog is running through the grass .
a black and white dog shaking out water .
a dog in a lake .
a dog jumps in the water .
a man is standing next to a sign .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a man cooking .
a young boy is working on a project .
a man preparing food in a kitchen .
a boy is cooking .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a skateboarder does a trick in a skate park .
a woman in a bikini standing at a beach .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a band plays in a stadium .
a girl swims in the water .
a group of people are walking down a street .
kids playing in the grass .
a band plays the drums .
a band performs on stage .
two girls playing volleyball .
a man is wearing a blue coat .
a woman is taking a picture of two dogs .
a woman with two dogs .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman is walking two dogs .
a woman is taking a picture of two dogs .
a girl playing basketball .
two girls competing in a basketball game .
two girls playing basketball .
two girls playing tennis .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a man in a white kayak is running through the water .
a man kayaking .
a man stands in a boat .
a man in a kayak .
a guy looking into the distance .
a man is looking at the camera while a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
three people posing for a picture .
a man is looking at something .
three men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing on a stage .
people are walking down a street .
a man is holding flowers .
a man is walking down a street .
a man wearing a black cap and black cap .
three people are playing outside .
three people are having a conversation .
a group of young adults are gathered around a table .
a group of people talking to each other .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a boy in a blue shirt .
a man in a swimming pool .
two teams playing soccer .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy swimming .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the water .
a boy is falling into the air .
two children at a wedding .
two children are playing doctor .
two children playing in the grass .
a young boy and a young girl are smiling .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children playing soccer .
a child plays in the water .
a toddler on a playground .
a child on a playground .
a man is playing tennis .
a young man is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a boy playing on a playground .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
a boy plays with a drum .
a baby playing with a toy .
a woman in a white shirt is practicing martial arts .
a child plays with a toy .
girls playing with hula hoops .
two girls are playing on the sidewalk .
a child is playing in a car .
a crowd watches as people watch .
a young boy is chasing after a soccer ball .
a man on a sidewalk .
a crowd watching a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is performing a handstand .
a man performing a trick .
a man selling food .
a father and daughter are hiking in the forest .
people are working at a construction site .
a girl in a bathing suit is swimming .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman drawing on the ground .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a group of martial artists practicing karate .
a group of people holding cameras .
a woman is taking a picture .
people practicing martial arts .
three photographers taking pictures .
a woman is sitting on the sidewalk on the sidewalk .
a woman drawing a picture on the sidewalk .
a woman playing with chalk on the ground .
a woman is drawing outside .
an artist working on an art project .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
the snowboarder is running towards the ground .
the bird flies through the air .
a bird flies through the air .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman putting on something .
a woman working with yarn .
a little girl is playing softball .
a woman in an orange shirt is working on a loom .
a soccer player wearing red .
a man is walking down the street .
a person in a red uniform is in the air .
a couple getting married .
a man playing a game .
a group of people attending a party .
a woman working on a project .
a group of people are standing next to a group of people .
a man playing the drums .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
three people in a band playing music .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a rock band performs on stage .
a man on a subway .
a man is waiting for something .
a man sitting on a train .
a man is watching a train .
a young man is smoking a cigarette .
a young man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is standing in a kitchen holding a rolling pin .
a man in a black shirt is cooking .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt holds an object in his hand .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man smoking a cigarette in a kitchen .
a man is smoking a cigarette in a kitchen .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is smoking a cigarette in a kitchen .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
an elderly woman is sleeping on a bench while others look on .
a dog shaking its teeth .
two soccer players playing soccer .
people are crossing the street .
a boy is looking at something .
people walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a view of a museum .
men working on a machine .
two men are walking down the street .
two men working on a roof .
two men are walking down the street .
two men working on a machine .
two girls are sitting on a couch .
two women are laughing .
two women are singing .
a girl is taking a picture .
two men are working on a fire .
two women are smiling .
three asians are smiling .
three adults are holding drinks .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man and woman holding drinks .
a woman wearing a hat is standing next to a man wearing a hat while holding something .
a woman wearing a hat is talking to two men wearing hats .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
people walking around a market .
a woman at a marketplace .
a woman standing next to a railing .
two women in a market .
two women are walking down the street .
two women wearing dresses .
two women are doing a dance .
people walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
two women are working outside .
children playing with a net .
a child is playing on a rope .
a child on a pier .
a child is playing on a rope .
a child on a rope .
a woman is using a computer .
two women sitting at a computer .
a woman sitting on a computer .
a woman is helping a young woman how to do something .
two women are sitting around a computer .
two women are standing next to each other .
people are selling goods on the street .
two men are looking at something while another child watches .
a group of people are gathered together .
two men are selling balloons .
two people are walking past a street .
a young boy is sitting on the beach .
a man laying down on the ground .
a group of people taking pictures .
a man laying on a towel on a towel .
a man is standing in the grass .
a boy climbing a rock wall .
people taking pictures .
people are sitting in a coffee shop .
a photographer takes a picture .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman is sitting on the phone and talking on her cellphone .
a woman is riding a bike .
a group of people taking a break .
two men laying on cement steps .
a man putting cement cement .
a man laying on a rug .
a man is laying bricks .
a group of people watching a performance .
two women running together .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man getting his haircut .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
four people ride scooters on scooters .
three bicyclists ride their bikes .
a group of people riding scooters .
a group of people riding scooters .
a group of people riding scooters .
a man is walking down the street .
two football players in front of a crowd .
a young boy wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap .
two men are walking down the street .
marathon runners running down the street .
a young woman in a black uniform is riding a bike .
a woman is competing in a competition .
a woman running in a marathon .
a person running in a race .
a woman in a green dress is running .
a woman in a green shirt is running a race .
people running in a marathon .
a woman in a race is watching a race .
people are playing instruments .
a man doing a trick .
a group of people are dressed in costumes .
people are dancing .
a band plays on stage .
a family is walking on the grass .
people dressed in colorful clothing .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people are holding bags .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two dogs are standing near a tennis net .
a brown dog is laying on the grass .
a group of friends at a party party .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man looking at something .
a group of people having fun .
a group of people at a party .
people enjoying a party .
people talking to each other .
a group of people at night .
an asian man is sitting on the ground .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people preparing food .
a man is performing a trick on his bike .
a person doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man doing a trick on a bike .
a boy doing tricks on a bike .
a band playing music .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a band plays on stage .
a band performs on stage .
two dogs play in the grass .
three dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
three dogs play in the grass .
two dogs standing in the snow .
three dogs running in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
a man is talking .
a man is standing in the water .
a man singing into a microphone .
a woman is playing piano .
a group of people on a boat .
a blond woman is singing into a microphone .
a group of people on a boat .
a man is getting ready to throw a pitch .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
two men are talking to each other .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a television .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
three people are standing in front of a house .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a couple kissing .
a family is sitting in a room with a baby .
a boy is holding an umbrella .
a man skateboards down a street .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are outside .
a man in a black shirt is walking .
a group of people are looking at the camera .
people are walking down a street .
a man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a city street .
a man skateboards down a street .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a person performs a trick on a skateboard .
a man is skating down a set of stairs .
a guy doing a skateboard trick .
a car drives down the street .
children are riding in a wagon .
a group of people in a stadium .
a red car drives through fire .
a man holding a child on his shoulders .
a boy with blond hair .
a man holding a child .
a child is holding a child .
a man holding a child on his shoulders .
a woman standing in front of a microphone .
a child plays in the grass .
people at a concert .
a man and a woman posing for a picture at a wedding .
a man and a woman pose for a picture in a tree .
a man in a canoe in a canoe .
a man is playing the drums .
a man playing an accordion .
a brown dog running .
a man playing the drums .
a man is playing an accordion .
an artist painting a van .
a man in a canoe in a canoe .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is laying down on the ground .
a man and a dog walk down a river .
a mountain biker flies through the air .
a dirt biker rides a dirt bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man standing next to a poster .
a man doing a jump .
two dogs running in the grass .
a dirt bike flies through the air .
two people kissing .
a couple kissing .
a group of people in a crowd .
a man and woman kissing .
a group of children in blue and red .
a choir is singing on a balcony .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a fruit market selling fruit .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
a group of children are singing .
a market with produce on display .
a basketball player playing basketball .
two women jogging outside .
two women are walking on a city street .
two people walking down the street .
two men jogging .
two men jumping into a plane .
a baseball pitcher throwing a ball .
a man standing in front of a building .
a child is looking at something .
a man running down the street .
a man jogging down a street .
a girl is running down a snowy hill .
a person in a red shirt is jogging down a city street with a basket on it .
a man in a red shirt is jogging along side a building .
a woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a woman in a blue dress is running on a sidewalk near a building .
a woman running .
a woman is talking to a woman .
a blond woman with blond hair is reading a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a woman working on a loom .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a person is riding a dirt bike .
people are working on a building .
a man rides a bike down the street .
a woman standing in a doorway .
a woman standing near a door .
a woman is standing outside of an apartment building .
construction workers working on scaffolding .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a young woman in a red shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a lady standing in a doorway waiting for something .
a little girl holding a baby .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman holding a child .
a woman holding a baby .
a man standing next to a sign .
an elderly woman is holding a baby .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a woman is holding a baby .
an asian woman holding a young child .
a woman smiling .
a group of people riding horses .
protesters are holding signs .
protesters holding signs .
protesters protesting for protest .
protesters protest a street .
a crowd of people holding up signs .
a group of protesters protesting a protest .
protesters holding signs with signs in the background .
protesters protesting for protest .
a group of people holding signs .
people enjoying a party .
a group of people in a circle .
a couple sitting outside .
a woman holding a camera .
two people are walking down the street .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people sit on a stone bench .
a man and woman in a city .
two people sitting on a bench .
a man running towards the camera .
a child stands in the street .
a man is walking under a waterfall .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a group of runners running towards the finish line .
a woman is walking down the street .
a girl in a green shirt is standing in a green shirt .
a woman wearing a tank top and a tank top .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a green outfit stands on the train tracks .
a woman standing on the train tracks .
a girl is walking by a train car .
a girl in a green top is standing on a train track with a train in the background .
a girl is standing in the middle of a train track with a train in the background .
a woman standing next to a train .
a girl is standing on a train track .
a person is standing on train tracks .
a girl stands near a railing .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl standing in a railroad track .
a girl is sitting at a table .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a chef is praying .
a man is praying .
a group of people gathered around a statue .
people wearing helmets .
a man praying .
two men playing pool .
a child is watching a child .
a man standing next to a billboard .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two children are looking at something .
a group of children sitting at a picnic counter .
a group of young children are watching something .
a group of children are practicing martial arts on the floor .
a group of children are sitting and looking at the sun .
a boy stands in a crowd .
a little boy is smiling in a crowd .
a little boy stands in a crowd of people .
a smiling man is smiling .
a boy stands in a crowd with his eyes closed .
a group of people are laying down and sleeping .
a brown and white dog is catching a tire .
a black dog is licking its teeth .
four dogs are playing with a tire .
a dog is holding a tire in its mouth .
a dog chewing on a tire .
a person in a blue shirt is waiting for an event .
a man is sitting on a bus .
an old man sits in a truck with a door .
an elderly man is sitting in front of a door door .
a man is working on a truck .
a group of people watching a group of people .
two children are playing tug of war while another watches .
a crowd of people dressed in black and black .
a girl taking a picture .
a group of people are performing .
a group of people dancing outside .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people playing music .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people sitting at a club .
people are walking down the street .
two women are laughing .
a girl in a bar .
a skateboarder balances on a rail .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
three boys are racing .
three boys running in a race .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
people sitting at a bar .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a couple poses for a picture .
men washing a building .
two men working on a roof .
two men are working on a sunny day .
two men are wearing yellow jackets .
two men cleaning snow .
two men having a discussion .
people are walking up the street .
a woman holding a shopping bag .
a woman is riding a bike down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a group of children .
a woman is holding a paper .
a person in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a woman playing tennis .
a man and a child are outside .
a crowd watches a tennis match .
people dressed in costumes .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a child are looking at the water .
a woman in a red shirt is kissing a man in a red shirt .
a man is holding an electronic device .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
a woman is reading a book in front of a fountain .
a woman laying on a pier overlooking the water .
a person in a city .
a group of people are walking .
a woman reading a book .
a group of people are laying on the floor .
two women are posing for a picture .
a man and woman are talking .
a man is standing in the rain .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a man is dancing on the street .
two men are talking to each other .
a woman preparing food .
a woman is cooking .
a woman is preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman is wearing a red apron .
a woman is in a kitchen with a smile on her face .
three people are sitting at computers .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a little girl is playing outside .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs are walking on the grass near a grassy field .
two dogs walking along a path .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two women at a park .
two dogs are looking at something .
a group of people are standing in a field .
people are sitting in front of a hotel .
people are walking past a restaurant .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking on a sidewalk in front of a hut .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are wearing backpacks .
a group of people taking a picture of a mountain .
a group of people looking at a map .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people looking at a map .
a group of people looking at a map .
people looking at a map .
a black dog swims in the water .
a group of hikers are looking at the camera .
a woman in a white shirt is weaving .
people walking down the street .
a woman is on the phone .
a kid is skateboarding .
a boy is skating down a ramp .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a man looking at a microscope .
a group of people riding horses .
two women wearing bathing suits .
a woman is brushing his teeth .
people dancing .
a man on a lake .
a group of young people playing basketball .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a man kayaking in a canoe .
a person in a boat .
a person on the beach .
a man in a boat in a boat .
a man on a boat .
a man on a boat holding a fishing pole .
a group of people are working on a dumpster .
a man in a hat is standing next to a woman with an umbrella .
three dogs running .
a man sitting on a bench reading a book .
a person wearing a yellow hat and hat .
a man and woman are looking at something .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting next to a woman with an umbrella .
three people fishing at a lake .
a man with no shirt on .
a man holding a dog .
a man and a child are fishing at a lake .
a man and a woman are looking at a lake .
a man and a woman are smiling .
three people are taking pictures .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a group of people are standing together .
three people are holding fishing poles .
people fishing .
a man working on a computer .
a man is kneeling .
three men are digging up a hole .
a bmx rider jumping in the air .
a cyclist riding a bike .
people dancing at an outdoor event .
a bmx biker does a trick in the air .
three children playing soccer .
a man stands on a soccer field with another man watching .
two girls sit on the grass next to a boy .
a group of people are standing together .
two people in a garbage bin .
a child on a soccer field .
a child in a park .
a child is sitting on a soccer ball .
a child is sitting on a park bench .
a kid playing soccer in a park .
people in winter clothes are skiing .
a man rides a bicycle .
a group of people are kayaking .
a skier skiing through the snow .
people are riding on a dirt road .
two dogs play in the snow .
two men are talking to each other .
two men wearing jeans and a white shirt .
two men are walking down a street .
two men are walking down the street .
a man is playing tennis .
a boy in a black shirt is standing on the beach .
a girl in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
a young girl is performing a handstand on a stage .
a group of people dancing .
a young boy is playing on the beach .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a stick .
a child is carrying a doll .
two young girls are smiling .
three children practicing martial arts in a large room .
three children are standing in front of a room .
a group of children are sitting on the floor .
children standing in a room .
three children practicing martial arts .
three children are practicing martial arts while practicing martial arts .
a group of children practicing martial arts .
a group of children are practicing martial arts .
a group of children are practicing martial arts .
three children practicing martial arts .
three children practicing martial arts .
three martial arts students practicing martial arts while practicing martial arts .
three children practicing martial arts .
a group of children practicing martial arts .
a dog runs through woods .
three girls in a martial arts class .
two girls are jumping in the air .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
three young girls dancing .
two girls practicing martial arts .
a group of people are skateboarding .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a man is holding his guitar .
the brown dog is laying down on the ground .
a woman holding something in her hand .
a woman is looking down .
a woman is holding a baby .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
three girls dancing .
a woman playing with her dog .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a band performing .
a man is cooking food .
two dogs are playing tug of war .
an older man is taking a ride in a horse carriage .
people are looking out at the camera .
football players trying to catch the ball .
people shopping in a store .
a boy is holding a plate .
a little girl playing in the grass .
a man is walking on a street with people walking around .
a young boy plays in a pool .
a child is holding an object .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of men are standing in front of a blue wall .
a group of kids playing hockey .
a group of people are looking at a fish .
three men are standing near a body of water .
two men are working on a boat .
three men are planting fish .
three men are working on a fish .
a girl playing checkers .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a group of men are standing around a dock .
three people on a beach .
a child is sitting in a car .
two men fighting .
two men practicing martial arts .
an older man is carving a gun .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man cutting a cake .
a man serving dinner .
a bald man is sitting at a dinner table .
a man is preparing dinner .
a man preparing food at a restaurant .
two people cutting a cake .
three children are in a classroom .
a group of children in a classroom .
a group of children in a classroom .
three children are writing together .
children in a classroom .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child writing in a notebook .
a group of students are sitting in a classroom .
a man jumping into the air .
a man stands in front of a net .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a man playing volleyball .
a child plays on a playground .
a man playing soccer .
a man in a red shirt jumping .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing a banjo .
a man is sitting on the grass .
a man is playing the drums .
a man is walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench playing a guitar .
a man in a striped shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a saxophone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing an accordion .
a man sitting next to a bird .
a man playing a banjo in a park .
a group of people are listening to music .
two men on a bus .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people are sitting at a table .
a young boy plays chess in a room full of people .
a child is looking at a gun .
a boy playing chess .
a group of people are sitting in a living room .
a man in a room .
a man is standing next to a wooden bed .
a man standing in front of a store .
a man is standing on a bed .
a man in a white shirt is looking over a washing bed .
a man in a business suit is taking a break .
children playing tug of war .
children playing chess at a table .
a group of children playing soccer .
a group of kids playing soccer .
kids playing a game .
a group of kids playing in a fountain .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a woman is doing gymnastics .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a boy holding a camera .
the little girl is standing on the ground .
a small child stands in front of flowers .
a group of people are standing outside .
a child is playing in the snow .
a little girl with dark hair is standing on a road .
a child is standing outside .
a child is standing outside .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man is examining a piece of machinery .
a hiker walks through the snow .
a baby is blowing bubbles in a sink .
a baby is holding a baby .
a man walking on rocks .
a man taking a picture of a river .
a man is walking down the street .
a man stands in a body of water .
a man with no shirt on .
a man standing outside a building .
a baby is brushing his teeth by a sink .
a bride and groom getting married .
an asian man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people holding flags .
a woman holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of people drinking beer .
two women drinking beer .
a group of children standing in the water .
people standing near a body of water .
a group of people are looking at something .
workers in orange vests working on a tunnel .
a family is walking next to a lake .
a group of people are working .
two dogs on the beach .
a dirt biker wearing a red helmet rides a dirt bike .
a person rides a motorcycle .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two men cook food .
two people are cooking bread .
a woman wearing a pink hat .
a group of people waiting for a game .
three men are standing around a table .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table with a laptop and talking on his cellphone .
a man is working on a laptop .
a man using a laptop .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
three young men are sitting at a table .
two men are drinking beer .
three men drinking beer .
three men drinking beer .
three men drinking beer .
a man is talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a little girl is picking up plants .
a child picking leaves .
a child holding a hose .
a child running .
a man is running his bike through the air .
a person is riding a dirt bike through a river .
a group of teenagers are riding bikes through town .
a man is getting ready to hit a sword .
a man in a blue shirt is making a call .
a man is taking a photograph .
a man is holding a sign to the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is making a call .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man running in a race .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a woman singing on stage .
a dog laying on its back on its back .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are standing at a restaurant .
a man and a woman are planting a helicopter .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man holding a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a person wearing a blue shirt and black pants .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man with a microphone is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is singing on stage .
two boys are pushing a cart .
a man playing a guitar .
a man cutting a piece of war .
a dog runs through flowers .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog walks through the snow .
a dog is walking through a field .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog walks through the grass .
a man in a white shirt cutting a piece of wood .
two men working on a project .
two men are operating a cow .
a man wearing a green t shirt .
two men are welding and cleaning a cow .
a puppy stands next to plants .
the brown dog is walking through the garden .
a man is holding a cup .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a swimming pool .
a person rides a wave .
a dog runs on the grass .
a man is holding a cup .
a man is holding a cup in his hand while holding a cup .
a surfer rides a wave .
three children are jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people in the air .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of young adults hold hands .
a man with a beard is carrying wood .
a group of people are standing in the air .
students are sitting in a classroom .
a man carrying a rope .
a man carrying wood .
a person carrying a rope .
a man carrying a rope .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a rope .
a man with no shirt is holding a rope .
two men posing for a picture .
two men taking a break .
a man taking a picture .
two men taking pictures .
three men taking pictures of a tree .
a group of people taking pictures in a park .
a man in a suit is drinking a wire .
two young boys are jumping in the air .
a dog runs through a grassy field .
a baby is drinking .
three cars parked on the street .
a young boy running towards a woman .
a woman wearing a pink dress and pink shoes is posing for a picture .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman is reaching out to a child .
a woman wearing a blue jacket .
a woman is reaching out to a child .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is bending down .
a young woman holding a young boy .
a young boy is running towards a woman holding a tennis racket .
a young boy in a jacket is running towards a woman .
a young boy runs towards the camera .
a young boy is running towards the camera .
a dog jumps in the air .
a baby is sitting in a chair .
a man is eating .
a man playing with a brown dog .
a black and white dog jumping .
a man is holding a net .
protesters march down a street lined with many flags .
people are eating outside of a cafe .
three men racing on a skateboard .
a group of people competing in a race .
a group of kids are riding down a hill .
a woman wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a team playing soccer .
three men competing in a competition .
a woman drinking from a glass of paper .
people fishing on a pier .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a child is eating .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
people sitting in the grass near a tree .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
people relaxing outside of a tree .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child is playing in the ocean .
a man is working on a fire .
people walking under a building .
a woman points at a man in a white shirt .
a man on a rock .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
a man climbing a rock .
a man wearing a helmet is climbing a tree .
a person wearing a white helmet is riding a bike .
a young man in a white outfit is climbing .
a young man in a blue shirt doing a trick .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man climbing up a rock wall .
a man climbing up a rock wall .
a young child in a white shirt eating .
people running through the street .
people standing in the water .
a dog digs in the sand .
a group of girls dressed in costumes .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
people walking down a street .
a person looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman wearing jeans and a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at something .
two women are laughing .
people walking down a street .
a football player wearing a blue uniform is running down a field .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a soccer field .
a man performs a trick .
a man is standing on a stage .
a man in a blue shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man performing on stage .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man is using a hammer .
a man is making a funny face .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person wearing a green and white striped shirt is doing a handstand at a park .
a person in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
people watch as people watch .
a man playing with a toy .
a woman and a young boy are walking down a hallway .
the football team is being played .
a football team is being tackled by the green team .
a football team is celebrating .
a football team is being played .
a football team is celebrating .
a soccer player tries to kick the ball .
two rugby teams compete for the ball .
a football player in a white uniform tries to tackle another player in a white uniform .
men playing rugby .
a group of men playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a group of football players are competing in a game .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer player is holding up a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a man with his bike on his bike .
a person is carrying a bike .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a boy is selling fruit on the ground .
a young boy sits at a produce stand .
a woman sitting on the ground .
a woman in a green shirt sits next to a fence .
a little girl sits next to a fruit stand .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on the ground with fruit .
a woman sits next to a fence .
a person wearing a black shirt .
a man is walking down the street .
a person sits in front of the ocean .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person in a green coat is looking at the camera .
a girl rides her bike .
a man in a military uniform holds a large gun in his left hand while holding a large gun .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman and a girl are hugging .
a woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt is giving a presentation .
a girl with brown hair .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
two girls are walking down the street .
a girl is standing outside .
a woman with long hair is holding a tennis racket .
people walking down the street .
a large crowd of people in a city .
people are walking outside .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are talking to each other .
two women planting plants in a field .
two women are having a meal in the water .
a group of women are standing in front of a building .
people working in a factory .
two children are helping each other .
cars parked in the street .
two people are sitting at a table .
a group of cars parked on the street .
a person laying in the grass .
the road is parked in the snow .
a street vendor walks down the street .
two men sitting at a table .
two men are sitting at a table .
a person riding a bike .
a man is making a funny face .
a couple kissing .
family shopping at a shopping mall .
people at an event .
a group of people playing in the water .
people are standing around a fire .
a blond woman in a brown coat working on a computer .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is falling into the air .
a man is walking down the street .
a man playing golf .
a golfer catches a ball in the sand .
two soccer players are running .
a family is sitting on a bus .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people are waiting at night at night .
people are having drinks at night at night .
a group of people playing outside .
a group of people standing at a table .
people are standing outside .
a girl is holding something .
men playing soccer on a field .
a group of men in a ceremony .
a group of men are standing in the street .
two police officers are talking .
a girl in blue playing volleyball .
a couple kissing each other .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a volleyball player about to hit the ball .
men competing in a competition .
a group of riders riding on a dirt track .
people riding motorcycles .
people dancing .
two people are walking down a street .
a woman wearing a red jacket .
a man doing a handstand .
two men performing a dance .
people on a beach .
a group of people are sitting on a mountain covered with mountains .
a couple kissing .
soccer players waiting for the ball .
a person is skiing down a mountain .
a young boy and her daughter having fun .
a dog is running through the water .
a child is looking out of a window .
children play in a field .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is jumping into a creek .
people standing in front of the sun .
a boy climbs a rock .
a child sweeping .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard .
a little boy wearing a red shirt .
a man is working on a roof .
a child is shoveling snow .
two children jump on a trampoline .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a skateboarder does a trick on his skateboard .
kids playing in a park .
two children playing in a park .
a group of children walking on a sunny day .
children running in a park .
three children are playing on a park bench .
a dirt bike rider jumps over a dirt bike .
a group of people in a race .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue jacket is standing on a rock .
children playing in the street .
a man in a blue shirt and gray pants walks on a sunny path .
a woman holding a paper .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman reading a newspaper while reading a newspaper .
a woman holding something .
people walking down the street .
a man on a dirt bike .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a wheel .
people on a ride .
a young child is smiling and smiling .
a football player is on the ground .
a group of people jumping on a trampoline .
a young boy diving into a pool .
a baseball player is standing on the field .
a man getting ready to catch a ball .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball .
a man playing baseball .
a football player tries to catch a ball .
a baseball player in a baseball field .
two women hugging each other .
a group of girls sitting at a table .
four men talking to each other .
four men are talking .
a group of people are talking .
a group of men talking to each other .
four men are talking .
a group of men wearing hats .
two dogs run through the grass .
a firefighter stands in front of a group of people .
a girl is talking to her friend .
a group of friends at a party .
a group of friends talking at a table .
a group of friends having a conversation .
a group of friends talking .
a group of people enjoying dinner .
a man is standing outside .
a dog is sitting on a bench .
a construction worker is driving .
a yellow construction truck is parked on the street .
a street car is parked in the street .
a man on a dirt road .
a yellow construction truck is on the street .
a woman is eating and eating food .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a man is sitting at a table with a dog .
a woman walking through the street .
a baby in the water .
a woman in a black dress is standing in a crowd .
two bicyclists racing down a street .
people are walking down a street .
people walking down a street .
a woman standing in the shade .
three construction workers are wearing helmets and helmets .
a man is eating ice cream .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
two women are sitting by a loom .
two girls are smiling .
a woman and a girl sit on a tile floor .
a woman and a girl are sitting on the floor .
a woman and a girl are sitting on the floor .
three boys are sitting in an orange building .
children playing soccer .
a man is walking out of an event .
a woman and a girl are standing around a table .
a group of people looking at something .
three people are having a conversation .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a little girl is holding her mouth open .
a man and a little girl are smiling .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of women are doing crafts .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are dancing .
two women working together .
two women are performing a routine .
two women are dancing with a group of people .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a man and a girl in a room .
a young woman sits next to an elderly woman .
a girl is sitting next to a woman 's hair .
a woman and a woman are standing next to each other .
two women are sitting next to each other .
a young girl wearing a pink dress .
a man carrying a woman 's hand .
a man and woman are at the beach .
a man holding a little girl .
a man on a beach .
a man is walking down the beach .
a man holding a little girl .
a man in a bathing suit is sitting on a bench on a crowded beach .
a man carrying his cellphone .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
two dogs play in the water .
a man preparing food .
two people are walking through the snow .
a group of people are preparing food .
an old couple walking down the street .
two people are preparing food at a restaurant .
a person jumps over a hill .
a person in a pink jacket is crying .
a person skiing down a snowy hill .
a snowboarder jumps down a hill .
a man working on a motorcycle .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a rugby player in a white uniform is running .
a snowboarder in midair .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
people walking down the street .
a group of girls are looking at the camera .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a boy talking on his cellphone .
four men standing behind a counter .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two dancers dance .
a man and his son are sitting on a bench .
a woman laying on a bed .
a man skiing down a slope .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a young girl is brushing her teeth .
a woman in a hospital bed .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bed .
a woman laying on a bed .
two women wearing hats and hats .
a person in a black coat walking .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of people are standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of people are outside .
people laying on the ground .
a group of people on the ground .
people walking down a street .
a man walking by a building .
a group of people are standing in a subway station .
many people are walking down a street .
there is a subway station .
people standing in a subway .
this is a train station .
a group of protesters protesting .
people are sitting on a subway platform .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of people at a gathering .
a person on a beach .
a man surfing a wave .
a person on a raft on the water .
a man skiing down a hill .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
people watching a soccer game .
the brown and white dog is running in the grass .
people are standing outside .
a woman is making coffee .
people sitting on a bus .
a martial arts student in a karate class .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
children practicing martial arts .
a group of children practicing martial arts .
children practicing martial arts in front of an audience .
an asian man pushing a cart full of food .
a man in a blue shirt is handing his wares .
a sidewalk with graffiti on it .
a construction worker is standing next to a construction site .
children playing in the water .
a man climbs a tree .
a man is using a large hammer .
a man rock climbing .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man working on a roof .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a bird flies through the air .
a woman is throwing something .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a child is holding a child while another child looks on .
a person stands in the distance .
a hiker is standing at the top of a rocky ledge .
a dog on the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a man with makeup on her face .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a dog in the grass .
a woman and a boy holding signs .
two football players are fighting .
a woman and a boy are holding signs .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking .
a boy and girl pose for a picture .
a woman is riding a bus .
two people are praying .
two men playing music .
people posing for a picture .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man climbing a tree .
two men loading a truck .
a woman wearing a black shirt .
a woman wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman is looking at food in front of a gas truck .
a woman standing in a line .
a woman is standing in front of a restaurant .
a young girl in a pink and white bikini is swimming .
a girl in pink stands outside .
two women in front of a truck .
a blond woman sitting on a bus .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a group of children posing for a picture .
two girls are sitting next to a carriage .
people standing near a bus stop .
students sitting on a bus .
an elderly woman is standing on a sidewalk .
a construction worker holding a drink .
a construction worker is drinking .
a construction worker working on a construction project .
a man holding a drink .
a worker in a blue shirt is working .
people are eating food .
a young woman is talking on a cellphone .
two men walking down the street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a man in a blue shirt plays guitar .
two men walking down the street .
a woman singing .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man is riding a bike .
a dirt bike flies through the air .
a person in a red jacket is jumping over a dirt track .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a person in a brown jacket is walking .
a person on a dirt bike jumps over a fence .
a person is jumping in the air in a small building .
people standing around a yellow machine .
workers are examining a large machine .
a man holding a child .
a couple enjoying the sunset .
people watching the sunset .
people walking down the street .
a man sitting on a blue blanket .
a man is walking down the street .
a father and his son are looking at something .
a man pushes a stroller .
a band performs on stage .
a group of young boys are standing in a classroom .
a group of boys scouts play drums .
two musicians playing instruments .
a young man is playing a guitar .
a group of people on stage .
a dog with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a toddler sitting on a swing .
a man washing windows .
three boys playing on a slide .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
a woman sitting at a piano .
a girl is at a piano .
a woman reading a book .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two men fighting .
a group of people are laughing .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a group of people throwing a football .
a group of people are gathered together .
a car is driving .
a woman enjoying a drink .
a man is looking at a statue .
a car is driving .
a car drives down the street .
a car is driving .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a car is parked between two cars .
a car is driving .
a skateboarder is jumping over a rail .
a man in a red shirt is balancing on a skateboard on a skateboard in front of a building .
a person is walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a woman reading a book .
a boat in the water .
an elderly woman is reading a paper .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
people sitting on a deck .
a woman running a race .
two women talking at a table .
a group of people talking to each other .
two people are sitting at a table .
two women talking to each other .
two women are talking to each other .
two women sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people on a boat .
three women talking at a table .
a man on a fence looking at the sun .
a man with a mohawk is smiling and smiling .
a man in an orange vest stands in a field .
a man holding a sword in a grocery field .
a boy is standing outside .
a man is walking down the street .
people looking at vegetables .
an artist painting an artist .
a man sitting on a bench .
several women playing volleyball on the beach .
a group of people are standing around .
a group of people are trying to get something .
a group of families gather outside .
a man in a green shirt is looking at the sky .
girls in bikinis playing volleyball .
a man holding a child 's hand .
a woman in a bathing suit laughs .
a man is playing guitar .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of young boys posing for a picture .
two dogs are biting each other .
a woman is standing at a restaurant counter .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman is looking at something .
a blond girl in a blue shirt is carrying a mop .
a man is sleeping on a blanket next to a picnic table .
a dog runs along the beach .
a white dog is running across the rocks .
a dog runs down the beach .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs along the beach .
a dog runs through the sand .
a black and white dog is running on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick on a dirt track .
two young men pose for a picture .
a girl in a bathing suit laughs .
a dog runs through the woods .
an older man in a blue shirt is standing in a car .
a dog walks through the grass .
a man is getting his shoes shined .
a man on a skateboard .
men walking down the street .
a little girl is playing outside .
two people walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking away from a woman holding a purse .
a man and woman walk down the sidewalk .
a man walking on the sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
a young girl is singing into a microphone in a room .
two women are smiling .
a little girl in a blue shirt smiles .
a little girl with her mouth open .
a woman in a blue shirt is doing martial arts .
a young girl in a yellow shirt is jumping into a pool .
a girl kicking a soccer ball .
two people practicing martial arts .
a girl in a blue shirt is doing karate .
a young girl is practicing karate .
a girl in a martial arts class .
a man practicing martial arts .
a woman is kicking a soccer ball .
a young woman practicing karate .
a young girl doing a handstand on a board .
a young woman practicing karate .
a family is relaxing .
a group of people on a boat .
people are looking at a boat .
an old man sitting on a bench in a park .
a boat in a boat .
an old man wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a man on a boat .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two people talking to each other .
a person is sleeping on a park bench in front of a park .
a group of men playing soccer .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a child stands outside a house .
a child leans against a pole .
a man in a blue shirt looking at something .
a woman is leaning against a sign .
a monk is leaning against a wall .
an elderly man is talking to another man .
a man is talking to a group of people .
two children jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people listening to music .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a room .
two girls competing in a race .
a group of people are walking .
a dog runs through water .
a boy is standing on stairs .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is running .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco in a rodeo .
a man riding a horse .
two men are talking to each other .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people playing soccer .
a soccer player in a red uniform is running .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man and a woman are walking .
a soccer player wearing a red shirt .
a group of soccer players wearing white shirts .
a soccer player wearing a red shirt .
a female athlete is attempting to catch the ball .
a man in a red shirt is falling to the ground .
two men in baseball uniforms playing football .
two people playing soccer .
a boy is hanging upside down .
a little boy playing baseball .
a girl is hugging a flower .
a girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a young asian girl is holding flowers .
an asian girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a little girl is holding flowers .
a young girl is holding flowers .
a young girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man is standing on the shore .
a woman is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man and a child are outside .
a father and son are playing outside .
a group of people waiting for a train .
two martial artists compete in a match .
a girl is playing on a lawn .
a woman posing for a picture .
a man wearing a hat is standing up .
two men in a kitchen .
a black and white dog plays with a toy .
a group of men at a sporting event .
a man and woman dancing outside .
two men cooking food .
two men , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are cooking .
a baby is walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is pushing a stroller .
an elderly woman pushing a stroller .
an elderly woman is holding a baby .
a woman selling fruits and vegetables .
a man in a blue shirt looks at the water .
a group of people competing in a competition .
a man on a rope .
a man climbing a rope .
a man rock climbing .
a man is swinging a rope .
a man is sitting on a rope .
a man holding a rope in the air .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is looking at a building .
a woman stands in front of a door .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a man is playing the guitar while another girl plays the drums .
a woman in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
people eating in a restaurant .
a man stands on the shore .
a boy in a blue shirt throwing something .
a young man throwing something into the water .
two men are in a match in a match .
two dogs are outside .
a man walking by a wall .
two puppies are sitting in a cage .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is sitting on a sofa .
a group of people standing outside .
a man sitting on a bench .
people eating .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a group of young boys are looking at something .
a group of people are jumping over a racetrack .
a man and woman laying on the grass .
a basketball player in a white jersey is attempting to throw the ball in the background .
a baseball player wearing a blue and white uniform is running towards a base .
a girl in a red shirt is standing next to a red car .
a man and woman are looking at the water .
a man holding a sign with a sign .
a man is standing outside .
a man in a white hat holding a sign .
a person sitting on a bench .
a little girl playing on a playground .
an emergency crew is driving .
two children , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt .
a woman in a red shirt is walking by a red car .
a woman is looking at something while looking at something .
a little girl laughing .
people are standing in front of graffiti covered wall .
a child jumps over a ramp in front of an apartment building .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a person doing a jump .
a person riding a bike .
a man doing tricks on his bicycle .
a woman holding a child 's hand .
two women holding a little boy .
two people standing in front of a store .
men playing basketball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man and a woman are standing outside .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a woman performing a dance .
a group of women in costumes .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is standing outside .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman look at the camera .
a band plays on stage .
a band performs on stage .
people are walking outside .
a group of people sitting around a laptop .
a man in an orange shirt is looking at something .
a man working on a sign .
a little boy is pulling a cart .
a bike flies through the air .
two bicyclists racing down the street .
a biker doing a jump .
two people are standing outside .
a group of people doing a jump .
a man riding a mountain bike .
a man riding a bike .
a dirt bike flies through the air .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a dirt bike is airborne .
a person doing a trick on a dirt bike .
a person in a white shirt is jumping .
four men are performing on stage .
a woman in a black shirt is walking down a hallway .
a group of military military military military military military military military military men tackle a football match .
a group of people looking at something .
a group of police officers on horses .
a group of military personnel are standing outside .
a group of men are standing in a circle .
a group of men with guns .
two men holding guns .
a group of men standing with their guns .
a dog runs through the grass .
three men in uniform .
a dog is holding a purse .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown dog is running on the beach .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
three men are playing a video game .
a man walking in front of a building .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a crowd of people are gathered outside .
a person taking a picture .
two people standing outside .
a busy city street .
a child looking at food .
a blond woman walking down the street .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman walking in the snow .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman looking at the camera .
a group of people working on a plant .
two children are running on a football field .
a man walking down a street .
workers working in a field .
a man carrying a bouquet of flowers .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street selling flowers .
a man selling flowers .
a man in a suit is singing .
three people dancing .
a group of people walking .
a man in a yellow shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is helping a child .
a little boy is sliding down a hill .
a baby is sitting down .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
a bird flies through the air .
a bird is flying through the air .
a baby sleeping in a bed .
a photographer poses for the camera .
a bird flies through the air .
a dog flying through the woods .
a bird flying .
a bird flies through the sky .
a bird is holding a bird .
a baby lays on a bed .
a woman wearing sunglasses .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a city .
a man in a blue shirt is drawing .
a man is looking at something .
a band performs in a band .
a band performs on stage .
a group of teenagers playing instruments .
a band is playing on stage .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt stands behind two large buildings .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a girl jumping in the air .
a dancer performing a dance .
a man is standing on rocks .
a woman in a pink dress is smiling .
a woman dancing in front of a crowd .
a man directing traffic .
a group of soccer players wearing red and white uniforms .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people competing in a race .
a child running in a race .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people running in a marathon .
a girl is jumping on a bed .
a little girl with brown hair is holding a doll .
a woman sitting at a table .
two women are laughing .
two surfers wave in the water .
a woman is crying .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is dancing .
a woman walking down the street .
a person is bending over on a ladder .
an elderly woman walking down the street .
a woman is sleeping on a bench next to a building with her cane .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench next to a building with graffiti on it .
a man with a cane walks with a cane .
a man with his arm around his arm .
a man with a cane walks down the street .
children swimming in a pool .
a group of people are walking .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of friends playing in a pool .
two children are swimming in a pool .
a boy and a girl pose for a picture in a pool .
two children on the side of a pool .
two women are standing in front of wood .
two dogs in the snow .
a man is cutting something .
two horses are pulling a sled in a muddy field .
a person riding a horse .
a runner is running .
two dogs are running .
a man washing a glass .
a man in a long sleeved shirt is doing a trick .
a man diving into a pool in a pool .
a man is laughing .
two people getting married .
a hiker takes a picture in the woods .
a female athlete gets ready to throw a ball .
a line of cars .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a man playing guitar .
a young man in a green t shirt is playing the guitar on the floor .
a young man is sitting on a floor playing the violin .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing the guitar on the floor .
a man playing a guitar .
people at an amusement park ride .
a chef is preparing food .
a woman running in a competition .
a group of people riding their bikes on a sunny day .
a group of people in a park .
people are walking down a street .
two people ride on a ride in a park .
a man working on scaffolding .
a woman prepares to throw a ball .
people walking down the street .
a man pushing a cart with a cart in the background .
a donkey pulling a cart in a cart .
a donkey drives by a donkey pulling a donkey .
four people are riding a cart pulled by a donkey .
a group of people posing for a picture .
children in school uniforms .
a group of people taking a picture .
a group of young girls pose for a picture in front of an art gallery .
young women posing for a picture .
a group of firefighters are working on a trailer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a girl is running with her dog .
a little girl is riding her bike .
a girl is standing next to a car .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to make a shot while another man watches .
a man in a red shirt is doing a trick .
a boy is climbing up a tunnel .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is kicking a soccer ball .
an older man is playing on the street .
a man is kicking a soccer ball .
people are looking at buildings .
a group of people standing in a courtyard .
a crowd of people standing in a plaza .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people are gathered outside .
street vendors walk down the street .
a man in a gray shirt playing the drums .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a white shirt playing drums .
a boy doing tricks on a bicycle .
a man riding a bike .
a man riding a bike on a bike .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of young women walking down the street .
a little boy playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking .
a boy playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a boy with a black and white striped shirt is kicking a soccer ball in front of a crowd .
a child playing soccer .
a boy in a blue shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
two martial artists compete .
a woman is looking at a car .
two men wearing black .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of people playing soccer .
two people eating .
a man in a black shirt waits for something .
people are sitting on a picnic table with bags on it .
four people are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man stands in front of a wall .
a man in a black shirt stands in front of a brick storefront .
a man with a backpack stands outside .
a man standing on the sidewalk .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a child is sleeping on a blanket .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a woman wearing a dress .
a man is standing in a tree .
a man is standing next to a truck .
a man looking at art .
a man looking at artwork at an art gallery .
a man standing at a booth .
a man looking at a booth .
a man at a convention .
a group of children playing a saxophone .
a man in a store .
a child on a slide .
a man is eating .
a child is playing in the snow .
a boy wearing glasses smiles .
a child smiles at the camera .
a man sitting on a bench eating food .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman in a red and white uniform is running on a bike .
people riding motorcycles .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing in front of a river .
people are sitting in a square .
a band performs on stage .
a marching band is walking down the sidewalk .
a group of musicians dressed in black and white are playing instruments and marching .
soldiers are standing in front of a firetruck .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of teens are walking through town .
two players in white uniforms are competing in a match .
five girls jump high in the air .
a group of football players are celebrating .
a group of athletes are jumping .
two teams are playing soccer .
two girls are playing with a brown and white dog .
two female dancers , one wearing a white shirt and one in a white shirt and the other in white , are performing a jump .
a group of people are running .
a group of young girls are dancing .
two women are talking to each other .
girls playing volleyball .
three hikers are resting on a trail .
three women jumping .
two hikers hiking through the snow .
a group of people hiking on a trail .
two young men are standing next to a trail .
two people are standing next to a trail .
a group of young people are standing outside .
people are walking down a street .
two hikers are standing in front of a path in front of a path .
a child is swinging on a swing .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a dog jumping in the air .
a little boy on a swing .
people in coats walking down the street .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a child with a bucket stands outside .
a woman holding a bunch of balloons .
a young boy is blowing bubbles .
a woman holding balloons .
a woman holding balloon balloons .
a man holding a guitar .
a woman holding balloons .
a woman holding balloons .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a large bundle of bubbles with a large bubble in the background .
a man is selling balloons .
a woman standing at a fruit stand .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a man in a red jacket is pushing a wheelbarrow .
a woman selling food .
a child is playing on the beach .
a black and white dog jumping .
a man is racing .
a man using a computer .
a man is working on the roof of a building .
a man works on a ladder on a ladder .
a man in jeans stands in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is painting .
a man working on a building .
a man standing on a ladder in front of a store .
a man standing on a ladder .
a man is standing on a ladder .
a man standing on a ladder .
a man leaning against a ladder on a ladder .
a man is standing in front of a building in front of a building .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
two people are talking to each other in the background .
a man working on a computer .
two dogs standing in a field .
a man is handing out fire .
two dogs walking through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
an asian woman holding a trophy .
two dogs play in the snow .
two women are posing for a picture .
two women are looking at something .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
construction worker working on fire .
a group of women are praying .
a woman wearing a sweater .
a man is carrying a box .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a backpack walks down the street .
a boy wearing a hat walks down the street carrying a box .
a boy is walking down the street .
a boy carries a box .
a boy with a backpack walks down a street .
a boy wearing a blue hat and blue hat .
a man in a swimsuit is swimming .
a man is walking across the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a dog jumps over an obstacle course .
a dj performing a concert .
a black and white dog is catching a sheep .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are standing on sand .
a dog runs through the grass .
two boys playing outside .
a woman waits at a crosswalk .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man walking in a city .
a dog is standing next to a row of people .
people walking down a street .
a woman is walking down the street .
four children are playing outside .
a woman is hanging upside down .
an asian woman hangs laundry on a clothesline .
a woman wearing an orange shirt is hanging painting a painting .
a woman is standing on a clothesline .
people walking on the street .
a man is working on a tree in a tree .
a woman is sitting on a beach .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a clown playing the guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a woman is making a sand sculpture on the beach .
two men are looking at a microscope .
a group of people sitting on a balcony .
a woman working on a loom .
a band performing on stage .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a person is shoveling snow .
a man is standing in a doorway with a shovel .
a girl jumping .
a person climbing a rock face .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
a worker works on a tree .
a girl is looking at something .
two boys pose in front of a camera .
a person is walking down the street .
two women laying in the sun .
three women laying on the ground .
three women on the beach .
two women on a rock formation .
two girls , one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a white shirt , are smiling .
three girls sit on the beach .
three girls are sitting at the edge of the water .
three girls are looking up .
two girls are sitting on a rock in the water .
three people playing music .
a band plays the drums .
a photographer takes pictures .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a bird flies through water .
a group of people playing music on stage .
two girls drawing a christmas tree .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a girl talking on a cellphone .
two girls climbing a tree .
people are sitting on a rocky bridge .
people walking across a walkway .
a group of girls are working together .
two dogs running in the grass .
a woman is making crafts .
a white bird jumps over water .
people at a wedding .
a black dog runs through the snow .
people are standing in front of a building .
a woman wearing a scarf .
people at a party .
people on a motorcycle .
a toddler playing with a toy .
two people riding a motorbike .
two people on a motorcycle .
a couple sitting on a motorcycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three little girls are laying on a couch .
three little girls are laying on a bed in a bed , two of them , two of them are wearing a harness .
a girl is looking away from the camera .
a little girl looking at the camera .
people riding bikes .
three girls are sitting in a tent .
people dressed in costumes .
a man in a white shirt is holding his hands .
two men dressed in a red dress are running a marathon .
a mountain biker rides in front of mountains .
a man is looking at wood .
a mountain biker wearing a helmet .
two people are riding on a dirt road .
people walking past trees .
a group of people are wearing hats .
two bikers racing through the air .
a man with glasses and glasses is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table .
a toddler plays with a toddler .
a man sitting next to a table full of beer .
three people sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman in a blue shirt is buying something .
two children are sitting on the floor .
a large tree with trees in the background .
a woman jogging .
two dogs in a field .
three dogs stand next to a dog .
two dogs on the grass .
a black and white dog is running through a field .
this is a busy street .
a skier on a snowy hill .
people riding bikes on a street .
people are walking in front of an intersection .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a woman is reading a book .
three people are standing in front of a bridge .
three people are working on a roof .
three people are standing near a river .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
three people are standing next to a river .
people standing in front of a river .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a classroom full of children .
two young men are throwing water into a river .
three people are opening a red box .
firefighters on a boat .
a man is laying down on the ground .
kids playing in the grass .
a man stands in front of a mountain .
people watching a race .
a black and white dog retrieving a stick in the water .
a dog is playing with a stick .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
three people are looking at a door .
a dog swims in the water .
a young girl holding a teddy bear .
a group of people riding bikes .
two boys swimming in water .
a toddler is playing with a toy .
a man in a blue and white uniform is running down a road during a race .
the biker in the red and white uniform is racing .
a man writing on a piece of paper .
a man is reading a book .
a boy pulling a shovel .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is sitting on a shovel .
a child is playing in the snow .
a little boy wearing a red shirt .
a man climbing a rock .
a man looking through a microscope .
four people walking on a street .
a father and son work on a boat .
people working on a ship .
a group of people standing next to a tube .
a man holding a bucket and a bucket .
a young child is teaching a young child .
a child is talking to a child .
a young child learning how to do something .
two people are sitting at a table .
an adult is showing a child how to do something .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person in a suit .
a man is putting on a wall .
people are walking down the street .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
two people kissing .
a black and white dog is running .
a man and a young boy are walking by .
an asian woman is holding a torch .
a child is sleeping in a backpack .
the back of the car .
a young man playing a guitar .
a young girl wearing a pink leotard is dancing .
a baby in a blue shirt is sleeping on a bed .
a toddler sleeping on a bench .
a child is walking down the street .
a child is playing in the sand .
a group of musicians playing music outside .
a large group of people are walking .
two girls are jumping over a fence .
two women picking vegetables .
a group of people are gathered around a market .
young women picking hay in a field .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a couple sitting on a bench .
people walking in the rain .
a person walking on the beach .
a crowd of people gathered under a large sign .
people waiting outside .
a group of people having fun .
people playing chess .
a group of young boys are celebrating in a game .
people sitting outside .
two men carrying a trash bag .
a boy and girl walking across the water .
three men fishing .
a person jumps off a rock .
two young children jumping on stones .
a man carries a trash bag .
a man carries a bag while another man walks by .
a young man wearing a blue shirt is carrying a bag while another man is standing behind him .
a man holding a trash bag .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are running .
a swimmer in a swimming pool .
a man holding a trophy .
a girl drinking a beer .
a young woman having a drink .
a woman wearing a kilt is drinking beer .
a woman is drinking beer .
a woman enjoying a drink .
people waiting at a counter at a counter .
a police officer is standing on the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in the snow .
a man stands in the snow .
a man stands in the snow .
a man is standing in the snow .
a man is walking through snow .
a hiker is skiing down a snowy mountain .
two boys are sitting next to a car .
two boys are playing basketball .
two boys fighting .
two boys are fighting .
a man is fishing into the ocean .
people drinking coffee and drinking coffee .
a man is looking at something .
a man is standing on rocks .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running through the grass .
a dog walks through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man riding a dirt bike .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man biking through the woods .
a man in a forest .
a young boy rides a bike down a rocky hill .
a young man riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
people walking down the street .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a little girl wearing a coat .
a little girl slides down a slide .
a young female tennis player about to hit the ball .
a woman in a black shirt is raising her arm .
a female tennis player wearing a blue and white uniform .
two women walking down the street .
three girls walking around in front of a building .
girls walking down the street .
three girls are wearing dresses .
three girls walking down the street .
girls in a city .
two women are walking down the street .
two young girls are smiling .
a group of women walking along the sidewalk .
a man throwing a hose .
a woman is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a woman with a guitar is sitting next to a building .
a young woman singing into a microphone .
two girls are singing and playing guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman on a beach .
a woman reading a book .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a teacher in a classroom .
a man is teaching a class .
a man is giving a lecture .
a group of young adults in a classroom .
a man in a classroom .
a man is writing on a piece of paper while a man and woman watch .
a man is playing with children .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a black suit is talking on a cellphone .
a man sitting on a horse .
a group of people are standing around .
a group of people playing lacrosse .
a man and a woman are sitting at an outdoor table .
two boys playing in the grass .
two boys playing in the grass .
a marching band in a marching band .
a group of people are walking up the street .
people playing instruments .
people standing in line .
a marching band in a marching band .
two young men are standing by a door .
a man running in a field .
an elderly woman is walking up the street .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a man is walking in the grass .
a person on a motorcycle rides a race .
a man is jogging .
a couple enjoying a drink .
a man and woman are sitting at a table eating a drink .
two people sitting at a table .
a couple enjoying the day .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing next to two birds .
a woman in a white shirt is bending over .
a woman is petting a dog .
a woman is looking at a bird .
a girl is running .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a child is drawing with chalk .
an artist working on a sculpture .
a man is working on a large piece of large rock .
a man is putting on a sculpture .
a man poses for a picture .
a group of people standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a baby is sitting at a table eating .
a man running .
a man is walking down a city street .
two men walking down a street .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a woman in a black shirt is fixing her hair .
a woman is helping another woman 's hair .
a woman in a black shirt is talking .
a woman with brown hair is giving another woman a haircut .
a woman is helping another woman 's hair .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman is cutting another woman 's hair .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman stands behind another woman .
a woman in a pink shirt is doing a handstand .
a woman is reading a book on a busy sidewalk .
people carrying bags carrying bags .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a man is writing on a laptop .
a man fishes on a boat .
two men are standing outside .
a man is cleaning a boat .
a man cleaning a boat .
a man stands in a boat .
a man in a blue shirt and a boy in a blue shirt are standing in the ocean .
a young man stands in a boat .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the street .
a man is pulling a jet of water .
a man kayaking in the water .
a bulldozer sits in the snow .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
two people are holding hands .
a group of people walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a baby is wearing a blue dress .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and woman are playing instruments .
a band plays on stage .
a man sings into a microphone while a man in a black shirt sings into a microphone .
people walking down a street .
a man cooking .
a young girl is sitting on a motorcycle .
people are walking down a street .
a group of teenagers are sitting in the middle of a street .
a man is looking into the water while a woman watches .
a person climbing a rocky hill .
marathon runners running in the city .
a man pouring drinks .
a truck is driving .
children playing in the grass .
a girl climbing up a tree .
two girls are playing in a tree .
two girls playing outside .
young girls playing outside .
a small child is pointing at a moped .
a young child is looking at a moped .
a child is pointing at a moped .
a child points .
a small child plays with a toy .
two people are walking down the street .
a woman is looking out of the water .
two girls are smiling and smiling .
a girl is climbing a tree .
a group of people are walking in a parade .
a brown dog is biting a man .
a man is standing next to a dog .
children fishing from a bridge .
a child is fishing .
a young boy is fishing .
a man fishing .
a child is looking at a fish .
a boy fishes on a balcony .
a group of people are fishing .
a boy fishes on a dock in the distance .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a young boy fishes on a dock .
a boy fishes on a dock .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is standing on a rock .
people enjoying a fishing boat .
a boy fishing .
a young boy is fishing .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a baby is taking a bath .
a baby holding a baby .
a child holding up a child .
a baby is laughing .
two men playing cricket in a field .
a man in a city street .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man dressed in black .
a group of people riding dirt bikes .
four dirt riders riding on a dirt road .
four dirt bike riders racing through a dirt path .
a group of people riding bikes .
four dirt riders are riding on a dirt trail .
an older man is fixing something .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is looking at a toy airplane .
a busy city street .
three men are performing on stage in a band .
people skiing down a snowy hill .
a lady in a white shirt looks out from the balcony .
a group of boys posing for a picture .
an adult and a child on a snowy hill .
two people skiing down a mountain .
a man and a child are playing in the snow .
a young boy and a woman are outside .
a child feeding a bird .
a young boy is cutting wood .
two people are working on a project .
a boy is looking at something .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to equipment .
a group of men cutting metal .
a family is enjoying a carnival ride .
a man and a woman are fishing .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two men fishing .
a man is eating .
two men in suits pose in front of a group of people holding a drink .
two women are practicing martial arts .
a woman wearing a white shirt is leaning against a green and white machine .
two women dressed in black .
two people standing in front of a wall .
two women wearing tank tops .
a carnival game at a carnival .
people are working at a construction site .
a black and white dog chews over another dog .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two black dogs are running .
a mother and her daughter sitting on a bench .
a little boy is standing on his head .
a little boy is walking down the street while another child stands next to her .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a boy balancing his head on his head .
a boy is balancing on his head .
a woman and a girl are sitting on a bench .
a girl wearing a pink and pink balloon costume .
a band plays on stage .
a man and a woman are conversing by a house .
a man singing into a microphone .
a group of people are bowling .
people are performing .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a door .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white dress .
a group of children are playing outside .
children are looking down in a tree .
two children climbing a tree .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
children playing on a large tree .
a group of children climbing a large tree .
two men playing soccer .
a group of athletes playing soccer .
two men in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to another man .
men playing rugby .
soccer players are standing at a soccer field .
a girl running on a path .
two women running on the beach .
a woman in a city .
three girls are running .
a little boy in a blue jacket sledding .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of runners on a hill .
runners running down a hill .
a woman pushing a stroller on a busy street .
a mother and son walking on the street .
a woman in a skirt is sitting on a bench .
a swimmer wearing a black cap and black cap is swimming .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a swimmer diving into a pool .
two women are talking to each other .
a child in a black hat stands behind a wooden pole .
a boy is leaning against a stroller next to a stroller .
a small child stands near a post .
a toddler is holding a pole on a field .
two girls playing softball .
a man with a knife and a knife .
a man and a woman are playing baseball in the snow .
a child in a blue t shirt is hugging a pole at a festival .
people are gathered outside of a building .
a group of people are playing cards .
the dog is looking out the window .
a group of people are outside .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a dog is sitting on a leash .
two boys are playing soccer .
an old man with a beard is selling fruit .
a woman in a red shirt is working in the background .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt and jeans is working on a barbecue .
people are standing in front of a display .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a man selling fruit .
a woman is standing next to a counter .
a group of men are standing at night .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a baby is sitting on a couch .
a baby is eating .
a group of girls in winter coats .
a woman talking to another woman .
people walking down the street .
a young child is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a leather jacket smiles at her friend .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl in a green dress is playing the drums .
a girl smiles at the camera .
two girls are dancing in the rain .
a man is holding a dog .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a brown and white dog biting a rifle .
a man is looking at a dog .
a man in a white shirt is holding a bottle .
two people shaking hands from a building .
two women walking down the street .
two girls at a theater .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a girl getting her hair done .
a man in a hospital bed .
a woman in a white dress is smoking a cigarette .
a man is lying down in a hospital bed .
a man in a hospital .
two boys playing with a ball .
a man walking up a hill .
a woman in a blue shirt is reading a book .
an older man is holding a saw .
a man wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a white shirt cutting something .
a person on a beach .
an older man is working on his fingers .
a person walking on a rocky trail .
a group of children running on a track .
an elderly woman is wearing a pink shirt .
an old man is looking at an airplane .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people are walking on the beach in front of the ocean .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people walking along a beach .
two men working at a construction site .
a man wearing headphones .
two construction workers are welding .
two men are working in a wood shop .
people are standing in a shop .
a woman is getting ready to eat ice cream .
a woman is waiting for her ice cream .
a woman is checking her ice cream .
a woman is serving ice cream .
two hockey players are playing ice hockey .
a hockey player prepares to block the puck .
a man in a red jersey is running .
three hockey players are playing hockey .
the ice hockey game is being played .
people standing on the sidewalk in the snow .
a woman taking a picture .
snow covered snow .
a blond woman is standing on the beach .
a couple standing outside .
a woman in a red hat is walking on the snow .
a man and woman dancing in front of a crowd .
two children playing in the water .
a doctor performing surgery .
people working in a room .
doctors performing surgery .
doctors performing surgery .
people dressed in blue and red .
a man in a black shirt walking down the street .
a construction worker is running down the street .
a worker is crossing the street .
a man pointing .
a man in a hard hat is walking away from a building at night .
a construction worker in a construction site .
two men are standing in front of an old train station .
two boys playing in the water .
a group of boys are eating .
two young boys wearing hats .
a boy is sticking his tongue out .
two boys are laughing .
a man is doing a handstand on a skateboard .
men standing at a train stop .
a man on a train platform .
a woman rides her bike .
a group of people are relaxing on the top of a hill .
people are holding drinks .
a group of people are racing .
a man and a child are holding hands .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man is holding a sign in his hand .
a man holding a sign on a brick wall .
a group of people are gathered at an event .
a woman is standing next to a brick church .
a woman standing next to a wall .
a marathon runner prepares to start .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt playing the drums .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a red shirt plays a guitar .
a man playing an accordion .
people walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is waving .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is lying down .
a man is lying down .
a man laying down on a bench .
a woman is laughing .
construction workers gathered around a machine .
a soccer player is holding up a soccer ball .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a person is holding a ball .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a man and woman are smiling .
people standing outside .
a group of women buying bread .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing in a crowd .
a person is painting a picture .
a woman watching a parade .
a woman standing in front of a banner .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people at a party .
a woman in a dress is walking through a crowd .
a woman in a red and white costume is dancing .
a man climbing a snowy mountain .
people rowing in a boat .
people rowing a boat .
a busy city street .
a group of people are rowing a boat .
a group of people are kayaking in a river .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a man playing golf .
people waiting for a ride .
a woman playing an instrument .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a girl playing the violin .
a girl playing the violin .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is taking a cellphone .
a man using a cellphone .
a young child is playing on the beach with a child in the background .
a man playing the drums .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a young boy is sliding down a slide .
a man in a robe walking .
a skier is skiing .
a group of men standing next to a car .
a man in a white robe .
two dogs look at each other .
a man in a purple and white striped shirt .
a group of people are painting a house .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a man with a long beard is in front of a group of people .
a man in a robe .
a man is hanging upside down .
a group of people are standing on the floor .
a group of people waiting in line .
a person on a city street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is jumping into the air at a rodeo .
a person in a red and blue snowsuit skiing down a mountain .
a boy is holding a rock .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman holding a bag .
a man on a train .
a person riding a subway .
a woman is sitting on a bus while holding a paper bag .
a woman is holding something .
a man is walking down the street .
a little girl is holding something in her hand .
four people playing soccer .
girls playing soccer .
girls playing soccer .
two teams are playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
a boy sleeps on a blue mat .
a person wearing a red shirt .
a man working on a machine .
a boy hitting a golf ball .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is working on a scaffold .
a woman and a child are standing on the beach .
people are walking down a street .
a man carries a bag .
a woman is looking at something .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
several people in a village .
a group of people are jumping .
a child is walking down the street .
a young man is balancing on his skateboard on a ledge on a ledge .
a person is walking along railroad tracks .
a marketplace full of people .
a person walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside .
a skateboarder slides down a rail .
a woman is walking out of a store .
a man is standing in front of a construction site .
a man is looking at the city .
a man looking at the city .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a man in a white shirt is standing on top of a pole .
a man walking down the street .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a child is standing under a tent .
a little boy in a blue shirt is walking .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a toy .
a group of people in a room .
three elderly women looking at something .
an older man and a woman are eating something in a kitchen .
three women looking at a glass display .
a group of women in a museum .
three women in a museum .
a person walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
two young boys practicing martial arts .
two men are looking at a book .
a woman rides a yellow and yellow bicycle .
an older man wearing a blue shirt and glasses is grilling meat .
this is a flight of hot air .
a surfer on a sunny day .
a man is running through the water .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a scuba diver is performing .
people leaving a building .
a man dives into a pool .
two teams playing soccer .
a man painting a picture .
a man in black pants painting a wall .
a man painting a wall .
a worker working on a ladder .
three men playing guitars on stage .
a man is looking at a jet of water at a lake .
a boy is pointing out of an airport .
a group of people waiting for the camera .
a boy in a blue shirt points to another boy in a blue shirt .
two boys look at something in an airport .
two boys stand near a plane .
two boys looking through a window .
two young people are looking at something .
five children looking at the camera .
a group of children are standing in the background .
children standing outside .
a group of children standing outside .
children dancing at a party .
students dance .
two children are playing in the grass .
a young boy is walking down the street .
two young children are playing soccer .
a little girl is playing soccer .
a girl playing soccer .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl is playing volleyball .
a group of people competing in a game .
a woman playing volleyball .
a young girl and a young girl are playing outside .
three girls are playing outside .
three women are playing volleyball on the beach .
three girls playing volleyball .
three girls posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a woman in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow balloon .
two women standing next to each other .
two dogs are playing together .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a group of people in a bar .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man fishing with a fishing pole .
a man is fishing on a blue day .
a person holding a fishing pole with a fishing pole .
a person sits behind a fruit stand .
a man fishing .
a woman competing in a bicycle race .
a young boy plays in a pool .
a musician playing a guitar .
a little girl holding a necklace .
a young girl is standing at a pizza shop .
a little girl looking at the camera .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a person snowboarding .
a girl is standing outside of a building .
a group of children listening to a presentation .
a group of children are walking down a street .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
a band playing music .
a group of children are gathered around a table .
a surfer is riding a wave .
a group of young girls are performing .
four girls are standing up .
two girls waiting for something .
a group of girls wearing dresses .
a person is walking down the street .
two men are juggling .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is fixing a tire .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of men are on a stage .
a group of men are standing around a microphone .
two men are talking to each other in front of a microphone .
a man wearing glasses and a white shirt .
a woman in a blue shirt is opening a present .
a group of people gather outside .
two men are singing into microphones .
a man is singing at a party .
a man is standing on the ground .
a man working on a project .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a man in a blue shirt is laying on a rock .
two men looking at computers .
two men in a building .
a group of people are sitting at a desk with computers and laptops .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man is sitting on a desk .
a man holding a microphone .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a man is sitting at a table .
two women cleaning something .
a group of people are running .
a truck is driving down the street .
two women are sitting at a table .
two women are sitting in a house .
two women posing for a picture .
two soccer players trying to kick the ball .
a man is hitting a golf ball at a golf course .
a man is wearing a yellow shirt .
a man drinking a drink outside .
a man is wearing sunglasses .
two young women dancing .
a man is giving a speech .
two people riding bikes .
two people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men are riding a bike .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a red and white soccer ball .
a soccer player wearing a blue jersey is about to kick a soccer ball .
a football team is standing on a field .
soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players on the field .
a lady is smiling .
people playing soccer .
a group of soccer players competing in a game .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
a baby is smiling .
a woman applying makeup .
a woman applying makeup .
a woman is looking into a mirror .
a woman is applying mascara .
a woman is applying mascara .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants is jogging .
a woman is jogging into a tunnel .
a man walking down the street .
a woman is applying mascara .
a boy is running .
a woman is riding a bike .
a small boy is standing in front of a building .
a man holding a video camera .
a woman is drinking beer .
two surgeons are performing surgery .
a woman holding a drink .
a woman holding a glass glass .
a woman holding a drink .
a race car on the road .
a child standing on a sign .
a singer sings into a microphone .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing around a table .
people walking around a building .
a man is giving a speech .
a boy on a beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a man playing in the sand .
a car drives past a car on the street .
a bride is getting married .
a bride is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a bride and groom kissing .
a man riding a motorcycle .
people in a crowd .
a child walking .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black jacket is walking up the street .
a man working in the snow .
a man is looking at the ground .
a worker in a yellow shirt is standing in the middle of a construction lift with a yellow trash bag .
a couple walking on rocks .
a group of people talking .
a man holding a piece of art .
two dogs play in a fountain .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of adults are playing in a small fountain .
a group of children in front of a bounce house .
a young boy is sweeping .
a man sweeping .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man sweeping a sidewalk .
a man sweeping a sidewalk .
a busy street on the street .
a man on a street corner .
two construction workers are talking to each other .
a woman bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
a woman bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling .
a man on a carnival ride .
a young man is eating .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is surfing on a wave with a wave in the background .
a man surfing a wave .
a man swimming in a pool .
three men are sitting in a log .
two men playing a game of chess .
two men sitting on a bench in a room .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two men are talking to each other .
people walking in a bus .
people riding on a bus .
two young boys are wearing orange shirts .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a boy is standing in front of a soccer field , while another boy runs away from him .
people in a room .
a dog is running through the grass .
a boy is running .
a race car drives through dirt .
a man wearing a helmet rides a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
two men are looking at trees .
a man riding a dirt bike .
a black and white dog is running .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a merry go round .
family sitting on a beach .
people shopping at a market .
a race car going down a road .
a family swimming in a pool .
a crowded street .
an elderly man is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is cleaning himself .
two people are sitting next to each other in a circle .
a young child in a swimming pool .
a child is jumping into a pool .
a boy rides a wave .
a person riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a fence .
a man standing outside a building .
an old man painting a picture .
a man stands in front of a house .
a person is sitting on a rock .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two men playing a game with a ball .
two men playing soccer .
two men in white shirts and black shorts are playing football .
two men playing soccer .
two men playing a game of basketball .
a man in a blue shirt throwing a ball into a tennis ball .
a man playing basketball .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a crowd of people are cheering .
a band plays on the street .
a boy is sitting in a boat .
two children are looking at a museum .
a group of people are outside .
a crowd of people in a city square .
a crowd of people are gathered around a concert .
a person stands in front of a building .
a crowd of people in a city square .
two people jump in the ocean .
a man in a suit and a man in a suit .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street with a woman .
people walking in the street .
two women walking down the street .
two women are walking next to each other .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a group of people are walking in the street .
a group of people are standing up .
a group of people are preparing food .
three cars are parked outside .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a woman in a lab coat is cutting something .
a dog runs with a ball .
two surfers leaving the ocean .
a scientist looking at a microscope .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
people standing in front of a cafe .
a woman walking down a busy street .
a person is walking down a street .
people walking in the rain .
people walking in the rain .
people walking in the rain .
people walking in the rain .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a fountain .
a group of people are outside .
people are standing in the rain .
people gather around a fountain .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog with a rope in its mouth .
a baby is brushing her teeth in a sink .
football players on a football field .
a group of people playing basketball .
a group of young men playing football .
two young men are playing football in a football game .
a football player about to throw a football .
a football player tackling another player in a white uniform .
a football player is kneeling on a football field .
two elderly women are sitting and reading books .
a young boy in a blue shirt is throwing a football .
a woman walking away from the camera .
a woman is running .
a woman is painting a picture .
a woman with a tattoo .
a woman is walking away from the camera .
a woman is applying mascara .
a woman with a tattoo .
a young boy runs through a field .
a woman with a tattoo .
two men are eating food .
two men are sitting at a table with laptops .
two men are sitting at a table eating food .
two men are having a conversation .
a child stands near a fence .
a child is making a funny face .
a child wearing a yellow jacket .
a boy looking at food .
a dancer dancing on a stage .
a young lady dancing in a yellow outfit .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a ballerina performing on stage .
a woman in a yellow dress is dancing .
a man dancing on stage .
a man is dancing .
a ballerina dancing .
a girl dancing on stage .
a construction worker walks past a construction site .
a man is cooking meat .
a little boy is helping a child ride a bicycle .
a band performs at a concert .
a dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
a race car is driving down the road in a race .
a man wearing glasses is sitting at a table .
a man riding a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
a surfer is walking on the beach .
a group of musicians are singing .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man playing with a dog .
people standing outside .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
people gather around a building .
people gather on the street .
a woman wearing a blue tank top .
two men fixing a bicycle .
a person swimming .
a child holding a guitar .
two men in white shirts are playing .
a man in a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair on a train .
a man sitting on a train .
a man in a wheelchair on a train .
a man in a wheelchair rides a train .
three men are talking .
two men talking to each other .
a group of men are working together .
a runner is standing in a race .
a group of people running in a marathon .
people running in a marathon .
a man rides a motorcycle .
a man in a white shirt juggling .
a man in overalls is standing on a ladder .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man wearing a red hat .
a man is carving a chainsaw on fire .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a young boy is walking down a street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men in front of a building .
two men are talking to each other .
a toddler is sitting in a sink .
two men sitting on a bench .
two girls are sitting on a sidewalk .
two men are walking down the street .
two men standing outside a building .
a group of skaters are doing a routine .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl is jumping rope .
a man wearing glasses and a white shirt is smiling .
a man in a suit is walking in front of an elevator .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a city street .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person is riding a bike .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man on a boardwalk .
an old man rides a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a girl playing on a playground .
a football game is being played .
an asian woman walking .
a football player is running .
a woman walking down the street .
a football player is running .
a football player holding a football .
a football player trying to catch a ball .
a football player is running .
a football player is running on the field .
a football player is running towards the goal .
a boy is bouncing on a trampoline .
a boy smiles as he sits on the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy on a beach .
a man riding a horse with a sword in the air .
a woman is listening to music .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl playing on a jungle gym .
a woman playing with a dog .
a girl holding balloons .
a woman poses for a picture .
a girl is standing in a crowd .
a group of girls dancing .
a blond girl dancing in front of a crowd .
a girl dances with her band .
a girl dancing in a crowd .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a wall .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man working with tools .
a person sitting on a bench .
a group of athletes in a roller derby match .
a man is cooking .
a group of people dancing .
two boys playing in the water .
two boys playing soccer .
a dog runs on a track .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and woman competing in a race .
a black and white dog is running .
a group of people are standing in front of a van .
a man and woman are looking at a man .
a firefighter stands on a firetruck .
an older man is playing an instrument .
a boy and a young boy are walking down the street .
people dancing .
two children are sitting outside .
a man is throwing trash in a workshop .
a group of african american children are standing together .
a girl in a pink dress is walking .
two people stand outside .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a crowd of people watching something .
a person sitting on a bench .
a little girl is sitting on steps .
a group of people in a park .
firemen are at a construction site .
a person is jumping into the air .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball in a stadium .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball .
a baseball player wearing a glove .
a man in an orange shirt is throwing a ball in an arena in an arena .
a baseball player catching a ball .
a baseball player diving into the air .
a baseball player is trying to catch a ball .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a black and white dog is running .
two boys playing outside .
three people are drawing a meal .
people drawing together .
a woman shopping for the camera .
three asian people are sitting on a sidewalk .
a man is looking at the ocean .
a man in a red shirt is working on a fire .
a man working on a sculpture .
a man working on a machine .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog in the woods .
people are working on train tracks .
workers are working on a project .
construction workers wearing orange vests .
a man is sleeping on a train .
a young boy is hugging a young boy .
two dogs running in the grass .
three children at an outdoor fair .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a child playing with a toy .
two dogs are fighting .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man sits on a pier .
a woman sitting at a table eating food .
a man and a dog are playing with a frisbee .
a woman in a purple shirt speaks into a microphone .
a woman in a restaurant .
a man serving food .
an elderly woman is waiting for food .
two men in a city .
two men are looking at two women .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people gathered around a conference table .
two women working on a project .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a group of people are playing outside .
people standing in line in line .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people are standing in front
two women walking down the street .
a man looking at the beach .
women walking down the street .
a group of people walking along a sidewalk .
people are walking down a street .
two women are walking down the street .
a man preparing food on a grill in a restaurant .
men cooking food .
two people are cooking .
two chefs are preparing food in a kitchen .
people are standing outside .
a girl climbing a tree .
a student in a classroom .
a little girl is sitting in a tree .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
people are praying .
a woman in a tree in a tree .
a woman hula hooping .
a group of people are praying .
couples are dancing .
a man preparing food .
a man in a blue shirt washing dishes .
a man looking at a map .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is dancing with a hula hoop .
a black dog jumps across a stream .
a man walking down the street .
a group of women dressed in white are fighting .
a girl is playing tennis .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt plays a guitar .
a man plays a guitar while another man watches .
a man playing a guitar and singing .
two people are playing music .
a man in a black shirt playing a guitar .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one wearing a black shirt and the other one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are playing the guitar .
a group of people having fun .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
people are singing .
two women are dancing .
two men are looking at something .
two african american men pose for a picture .
two men posing for a picture .
two men posing for a picture .
two men looking at the camera .
a man walking through the street in a city .
a man is walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is standing on a street .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans walks in front of a graffiti covered wall .
a man is standing in front of an advertisement .
a man is looking at a suitcase .
a man walking down a street .
a man is walking past a crowd of people .
a man in a suit is looking at a billboard .
a girl playing with a ball .
a woman stands next to a display display .
a woman in a store .
a person in a white shirt is in a window .
a woman standing in a doorway .
a woman is standing in front of a store of a grocery store .
a group of children playing outside .
a young boy is standing next to a firetruck .
a boy stands in front of a firetruck .
a boy stands in front of a tractor .
a young boy in a long sleeved shirt rides a skateboard .
a young boy stands on a sidewalk .
three people on a beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a couple enjoying the beach .
three boys are walking in the sand .
a man making candy .
a person is sitting on a concrete wall .
a man is making candy .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a little girl wearing a red outfit .
a girl dressed in a costume .
a girl in a red outfit is playing with a red hula hoop .
a girl in a red dress is walking down the street .
a girl in a costume .
a man is making candy .
a man in a purple shirt and blue jeans is walking along a sandy beach .
a man is bending over to pick up a stone structure .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue pants is picking up stones on the beach .
a man is picking up a stone structure .
three motocross riders are racing .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
a group of people running .
a worker is holding a chainsaw .
a female tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a woman in a blue shirt is about to cross the street .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people running .
two women running down the street .
people selling fruit at a market .
street vendors selling goods .
people shopping for sale .
vendors sell their wares outside .
people are walking down the street .
vendors sell food in a market .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
people walking down the street .
people are shopping .
a busy street with a city street .
people walking in a city .
a man taking a picture .
a man is crossing the road .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man walking under green lights .
a man holding a camera .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a man working on a roof .
two people walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting in a chair .
an older man is walking down the street .
three men walking down the street .
a man is holding a saw in his hands .
men are walking through a crowd .
people walking down the street .
three young men walking .
a woman holding a flag .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two children are jumping on a trampoline .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man on a bus .
a boy jumps over a trampoline .
a man rides a bicycle .
three men are standing outside .
people racing on a track .
three people are riding on the back of a garbage truck .
a baseball player is holding a ball .
a group of men are riding on the back of a truck .
a person jumping in the air .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man doing a jump in the air .
a man wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap .
men standing on the back of a truck .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs running in the grass .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man sculpting a sculpture .
a little girl is on her back .
two dogs play in the grass .
two men are walking down the street .
three construction workers are working on a roof .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder performs a trick in the street .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a dog plays in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
two boys are playing on a stone structure .
a dog plays in the water .
a little boy runs through a hallway .
a dog runs down the beach .
a boy running in the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing outside .
a woman is walking down the street .
construction workers wearing hard hats .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a man taking a picture .
a young man taking a picture .
a woman taking a picture .
a man taking a picture .
a man in orange and white is standing in front of a building .
a man is holding a rope .
a group of children in a room .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a man on a busy street on a busy street .
a man is crossing the street .
a group of cars on the street .
there is a busy street in the background .
people walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is smiling .
a man is playing baseball .
baseball players playing baseball .
people walking in the street .
a group of people are standing together .
baseball players playing baseball .
baseball players playing baseball .
a man in a blue jersey is playing softball .
a person in a white shirt is at the same time .
a crowd of people are walking .
the traffic lights are busy .
a man riding a scooter on the street .
a busy city street .
a man getting ready to hit a ball .
a woman with long brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman is working in a factory .
a woman is working on a computer .
a woman working in a lab .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman working on a computer .
a woman is trying to throw something .
a woman is reading a magazine at a restaurant .
a woman is pouring something into a container .
a woman is walking past a subway .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
two men shaking hands .
a skateboarder is skating .
two men shaking their hands .
a skateboarder in the air .
two men are standing near a flag .
a skater in a gym .
a female skater on ice skates .
an old man looking at something .
two people in front of a fence .
a band plays for a crowd .
a person with sunglasses on .
a man playing a guitar .
children are sitting at a table .
people at a library in a library .
a group of children holding hands .
a group of children holding a red dress .
a child is looking at something .
a group of children hold hands .
a man in a wetsuit rides a wave .
a group of people watching a performance .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking with a dog .
a bus is parked on a bus .
a large vehicle is parked on the street .
a man stands next to a bus stop .
a bus with a stop sign on it .
a bus with a sign on it .
a woman running .
children are playing on rocks .
two children are sitting on a rock .
a blond boy climbing rocks .
two boys climbing a rock .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a person riding a bike .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a crowd of people in a field .
three people are playing instruments .
a child plays with a toy .
two women in dresses are looking into a plastic bag .
two women talking .
a child is jumping off a slide .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a slide .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman jogging .
a woman running .
a woman running through a grassy meadow .
a man on a bull .
a bull at a rodeo .
a cowboy in a cowboy hat is riding a bull in a rodeo .
three people at a rodeo .
a cowboy is riding a bull in a rodeo .
a cowboy riding a bull at a rodeo .
a man riding a bull at a rodeo .
a man in a cowboy hat .
a child rides a bike .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a stone wall .
a man and a woman are sitting in the middle of a building .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are outside .
a group of people standing in front of a large white building .
a group of people taking a picture .
a young boy is performing a trick .
a roller skater is upside down .
a boy wearing a helmet rides a bike .
a boy wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
asian man walking down a street .
a man holds a child in his arms .
a woman walking by a building .
two children are playing with a football .
two children playing on the grass .
a group of kids playing soccer .
two football players playing football .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside .
people walking on the beach .
two people sitting outside .
people walking along a grassy field .
two men in a building .
people are walking down the street .
children walking down the street .
two men are riding scooters .
construction workers are working outside .
a small car in a field .
a baby is looking into the camera .
construction workers are working on the street .
a man in a yellow shirt walking .
a construction worker is standing on a ladder .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a car drives through a race .
a child diving into a pool .
a person in a swimming pool .
a group of cheerleaders are performing a routine .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
a group of cheerleaders in blue uniforms are waiting for the ball .
cheerleaders on a football field .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a motorcycle is parked on the street .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs running .
two dogs in a field .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a man carrying a shopping cart through a city .
two dogs run on a path .
a young boy runs through a field .
a man is holding a bag .
a woman in a field .
a man sitting against a building .
a football game with a football player in the background .
a football player is being tackled by a football player .
a large group of people in a field .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
the football player is tackling the football player on the football field .
two boys dressed in summer clothes .
people sitting on a pier .
a woman is riding a bike .
a young girl kneeling on the ground .
a person is playing with a dog .
a young girl playing with a puppy .
a girl in a white shirt is walking on the street .
two people are talking .
a man is talking to a man .
two women are talking to each other .
a man drinking beer .
a woman is eating ice cream .
a little girl eating ice cream .
an older woman is eating ice cream cones .
a lady is ice cream .
a woman is eating .
a man is praying .
a group of people are sitting outside .
people watching a ship .
two people on a boat .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a woman watches a woman on a bridge .
a woman dressed in black dances .
a group of people are gathered together .
an elderly man and a woman sit on a bench .
a man is sitting on a counter .
workers are working on a project .
a man taking a picture .
a woman washing her dishes .
an asian woman making something with her hands .
a woman smiling at the camera .
a worker working in a shop .
two children are laughing .
a boy rides a bike .
a man is holding a frying pan .
a group of people are dancing .
a man pushing a cart down a sidewalk .
two men are looking at an atm .
two boys are pulling a rope .
three people are walking in front of an old building .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing sunglasses on the beach .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a brown dog chewing wood .
two boys are jumping over a trampoline .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a brown dog is biting his teeth .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a female volleyball player jumping high in the air .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a woman is walking on the street holding a bag .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is walking on the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is preparing for a party .
two dogs fighting .
a man is walking through the forest .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a person pulls a tree through the snow .
a person in the snow .
a woman holding a christmas tree .
a bearded man with glasses is sitting at a table .
a man sweeping trash .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man wearing a white shirt .
two dogs are looking at the ground .
four dogs are playing in the snow .
two people are playing outside .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play with each other .
two girls are looking at each other .
a woman looking at a computer screen .
two women are playing hockey .
a woman sitting at a table .
a group of people riding horses .
a man rides a bike .
a man sweeping the floor .
a mountain biker is wearing a red coat .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two people are working at work .
two men looking at something .
two people are in a room .
two surgeons in green scrubs look at something .
a group of people are playing in a field .
a group of people riding horses .
a woman playing tennis .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a construction worker is working on a construction site .
a person wearing a hat is carrying a pink cloth in a field .
a man in an orange jumpsuit works on a machine .
two men working on a project .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man is holding a blue house .
two men are standing in front of a restaurant .
two men are standing in front of a cafe .
two men are sitting at a cafe .
two men stand in front of a sign .
men standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a white dog runs through the grass .
a woman walking down the street .
a puppy with its mouth open .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a woman is standing on top of a dog .
a woman wearing a black shirt .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down a busy street carrying a white purse .
a woman holding a purse .
a woman with a purse is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman riding a brown horse .
a person is skiing .
a woman walking down the street .
people riding horses in the snow .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman and a woman are sitting on a floor .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three police officers are having a conversation .
police officers are working .
a group of people are gathered outside .
two men are standing outside .
a woman is holding a cake .
a building with lights .
a man riding a bull .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is running .
a man is riding a bull .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a horse .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a bus in the city .
people are sitting on a train .
people are sitting on a subway train .
a group of people are sitting on a subway .
a group of people are sitting on a subway .
two men walking .
a girl wearing makeup .
a man sleeping in the shade .
a boy looking at something .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching a young boy .
a boy stands in front of a crowd of people .
a man on a man 's shoulders .
a woman wearing a hat .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
two men in a parade .
a man in a red and white outfit is running .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
three friends having a conversation .
a boy and girl are playing outside .
three little girls are jumping into a pile of leaves on a pile of leaves .
a woman reading a book .
a man playing a guitar .
two girls sitting on steps .
a woman reading a book .
a man in a subway station .
three children are sitting on a wooden structure .
a man walking down a city street .
a dog in the snow .
a little girl is sitting on a couch .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
two young boys play with sticks .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a young boy jumps into a swimming pool .
a little girl holding her hands .
a blond woman with blond hair is walking out of a building .
a woman in a red shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running .
a brown dog runs through a field .
a man is holding a dog up to a dog .
people waiting in line .
performers are singing .
a young girl is walking down the street .
a woman and a child are outside .
a group of children standing in front of a building .
a group of children are standing in a line .
people sitting against a wall .
three girls are sitting in an airplane .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
people are juggling .
two people playing a game .
three people are having a conversation .
a group of friends at night .
three people playing a game .
a group of men are sitting in chairs .
three men are sitting at a table .
three people drinking beer and drinking beer .
three people playing a game .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people are playing a board game .
three people playing a game on a table .
a group of people are playing a game .
a group of people playing basketball .
a group of people having fun .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are waiting for their turn .
a group of people are hanging out .
street vendors sell fruit .
two people are standing on the sidewalk in front of a building .
two men are walking up the street .
two men are racing along a shore .
a person is standing up .
a boat in the water .
a group of people are sitting on the edge of a rocky hill .
a child looking at a cake .
a girl in a pink shirt plays a guitar .
a dog with a yellow toy .
a woman in a costume is juggling .
a crowd of people holding flags .
a dog runs through the grass .
a couple taking pictures .
a dog runs through the grass with a toy .
a dog carries a stick .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a woman on a beach .
a monk wearing an orange robe .
a man sitting on a chair with his legs crossed .
an elderly man in a blue shirt is reading a book .
three men are playing in a field .
a woman running down the street .
a man getting ready to throw a large object .
a man is walking down the street .
a person taking a picture of a mountain .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something in the air .
a man watching the ocean .
men walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a family is sitting outside under a tree .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
children playing in a golf ball .
children walking down the street .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman serving a birthday cake .
workers stand under a sign .
two construction workers stand by a sign .
two men are talking to each other .
two people are working on a project .
two men are sitting at a restaurant .
a group of protesters are standing in front of a sign .
two workers are cooking food .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people working in a restaurant .
two workers are working at a restaurant .
two people are working in a restaurant .
a man and a woman are at a counter .
a cook is preparing food .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog chases a dog in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
an elderly woman serving a birthday cake .
an elderly woman blows out candles on a cake .
a wedding cake showing a birthday cake .
a woman serving a birthday cake .
a woman showing her birthday cake .
a man in a blue shirt is standing behind a fence .
two men are looking at boats in a lake .
a man is carrying a plastic bag .
two boys running on a soccer field .
children playing football .
a man selling food .
two children playing soccer .
a woman showing her birthday cake .
a girl is helping a young girl .
two girls are petting a horse .
a little girl is petting a horse .
two children are playing in the snow .
a man playing a sport .
a man with a guitar plays a guitar .
a man with painted painted face painted face painted face painted face paint .
a man in a costume .
two women working on a floor .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
women dancing and smiling .
three women are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of friends having fun .
women walking down the street .
a bearded man is talking on his cellphone .
a man jogging down a street .
a man running on a track .
two men running in a marathon .
a baby is sitting on a beach .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a child sitting on a swing .
a toddler is standing in front of a body of water .
a baby sitting on a bench .
a baby is crying .
a girl standing on the road .
a girl is looking at something .
two people are running .
a girl is standing next to a carnival ride .
a girl in a blue tank top is at a carnival .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a woman on a carnival ride .
a group of people looking at a screen screen .
a group of children are playing instruments .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a police officer on a motorcycle .
a policeman stands next to a traffic sign .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
three police officers are talking to each other .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
a person is holding a cellphone in his hands .
people walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing outside a building .
a puppy is playing with a toy .
a person in a striped shirt is standing in front of a store .
a group of people are standing outside .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people looking up .
a man is talking to a girl .
a group of people look up at the ceiling .
a person wearing a coat is sitting on the steps with his dog .
woman sewing machine .
a man holding a camera .
two men sitting on steps .
a man and woman sit by a fountain .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
a group of men walking down a street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a black and white dog playing in the grass .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog running by .
a dog runs through a field .
a cowboy riding a white horse .
a man in a black helmet rides a bike .
a man is standing outside .
a man jumping off a horse .
a jockey riding a horse .
a cowboy rides a bucking bronco at a rodeo .
a man is walking down the street .
women sitting on a porch .
a boy walking towards a dog .
two girls sitting on a bench .
two women are walking down the street .
four women are looking at something .
four women sit on a patio on a patio .
two women are walking down the street .
two women sitting on a bench .
four women are sitting on a patio next to a small camel .
four women sit on a bench .
a boy rides a skateboard on a skateboard .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man in a tuxedo .
a woman in a bikini is swimming .
a group of people are standing in the water .
men playing soccer on the beach .
two soccer players on the beach .
men playing soccer .
a man performing on stage .
a man is walking down the street .
two men playing basketball .
a man is holding a net .
a dog catches a ball in the air .
a dog in a courtyard .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs jumping in the snow .
a brown and white dog jumping in the air with a ball in its mouth .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a young man is standing next to a dog .
a woman holding a dog .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a dog and a man on the steps .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are looking at each other .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two people are standing outside .
people are walking down a street .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are fishing .
people are standing in the water .
people are looking at the water .
a man and woman are looking at the water .
a woman is sitting on the steps of a building .
a man is looking at a canal .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man climbing a mountain .
a young man climbing a mountain with a rope in the background .
a man rock climbing .
a person climbing a rock .
a young man climbing a mountain .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man is climbing a rock .
a man is rock climbing .
a dog runs through snow .
two men are talking to each other .
a man talking to his friend .
a group of people in a room .
three people are having a conversation .
three people are talking .
a man is eating a meal .
a young girl with a whistle on her arm .
a child stands on a swing .
a child is swinging on a swing .
a child is performing a trick .
a child playing in a park .
a child swings on a swing .
a child plays on a playground .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child on a playground .
a child in a playground .
a child is standing in a playground .
young boys playing in a playground .
a little boy is playing with a hula hoop .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a little boy is standing on a tire swing .
a boy on a playground .
a boy on a playground .
a toddler is walking down the sidewalk .
a person climbing up stairs .
two construction workers at a construction site .
a little boy is brushing his teeth .
a man is sitting on a blue machine .
a bearded man wearing glasses is playing an instrument .
a group of young girls dance on a stage in front of an audience .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a group of girls are performing on stage .
a young girl walking down the street .
a child on a bike .
a group of people are outside .
a child plays with a toy .
people walking down the street .
a girl rides a bike .
a young girl is walking towards a bird .
a girl rides her bike .
a woman is looking up .
a child is playing with a bird .
a girl in a pink helmet rides a pink bike .
a girl is chasing a bird .
a girl is walking down the sidewalk .
a little boy swimming .
a baseball player in a blue uniform is running .
a soccer player is running on a soccer field .
a baseball player in a white uniform is running .
a lady is walking down the street .
two teams are playing soccer .
a baseball player in a red and white uniform is throwing a ball .
a football player trying to throw the ball .
people competing in a race .
a baseball player sliding into the base .
a man poses for a picture .
a group of people are sitting by the water .
an asian woman in a blue dress is sweeping .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a person riding a dirt bike on a dirt track .
a person riding a bike .
three people are standing outside .
a man rides a bicycle in front of two spectators .
a person riding a bike .
two men ride bikes on a bike .
a group of people watching a man in a blue shirt .
a person riding a bike .
people at a swimming pool .
two girls playing in a pool .
two girls are playing in a pool .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man on a pipe .
a lady in a red and white dress is smiling at the camera .
a woman stands in front of a crowd of people .
a woman with a red striped shirt is sitting in a crowd .
a man blowing bubbles .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays in the sand .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog with a tennis ball in its mouth .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs playing together .
a dog laying on the ground .
a dog runs through the grass .
a puppy runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog is lying down .
the brown dog is rolling in the grass .
two men are blowing leaves .
a group of people in a room .
a man is grilling meat .
a child is standing on a stage .
two women looking out through the distance .
a large group of people are looking at a produce stand .
two men playing musical instruments .
a man sits by a body of water .
people are shopping .
a person holding something .
a man is holding a map .
a group of people are standing together .
a man is looking at a map .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman is walking along a body of water .
a group of people are standing near a pond .
a clown in a park .
a clown performing at a park .
a clown is balancing on his head .
a clown on a show .
two girls running down a hill .
three people are kayaking .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a couple walking down the street .
four people sitting on a couch .
a couple walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a girl poses for a picture .
two young girls are sledding on a sled .
a young woman standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are eating food .
two men talking to each other .
a woman holding a child .
a person is walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman with a blue sky on a bridge .
a group of people on a bridge .
a view of a cloudy sky .
a boy is holding a tennis racket .
a woman is swimming in the water .
a woman in a yellow shirt is learning to swim .
a group of cheerleaders performing a routine .
two people jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
people walking down a street .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple kissing on the beach .
a couple holding hands .
a man and woman are sitting in water .
a couple is sitting on the beach .
people standing on a walkway .
a couple kissing on the beach .
two people sleeping on a bench .
a woman sitting in front of a building .
a group of dogs are running in a field .
a group of people are standing in front of trees .
two dogs running in the grass .
four dogs play in the grass .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing by a pond .
two people riding bikes in the city .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman carrying a bag walks down the street .
two women walking along a city street .
a child playing with a toy .
a statue of a statue of a statue .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is looking into a barrel into a barrel .
a woman is shopping .
a child in a toy car .
a woman in a white shirt is dancing .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
a group of women in blue and white uniforms .
a woman is talking to a crowd .
two women are laughing .
two girls walk towards a ship .
people walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of women are walking across a street .
a group of people are outside .
two girls are crossing the street .
a group of women are walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing the drums .
a singer is playing the drums .
a man in a suit is playing the accordion .
a rollerblader performing a trick .
a man is playing an instrument in front of a woman .
a man with a beard and face paint .
a man with no shirt on .
an old man with a beard and glasses .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
an older man looking into the distance .
a woman walking .
a child is playing on a slide .
two girls walking down the street .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man carrying something in his hand .
a child in a swimming pool .
a boy swims underwater .
a young boy in swim trunks is swimming in the water .
a child holding a swimming pool .
a boy is hanging from water .
a woman sitting at a table .
a dog is running through the snow .
a woman wearing a yellow suit .
a black and white dog jumping into the air .
a woman wearing a yellow and yellow dress .
a woman is standing in a kitchen .
a woman in an office .
a woman is standing in a building .
a woman in a yellow shirt is in the office .
a group of men are standing at a construction site .
the brown dog is on the grass .
a black and white dog is playing on the grass .
two dogs play in the yard .
a brown dog is playing in the grass .
a dog is playing with a ball .
two men at a carnival .
three women carrying an object .
a little boy looks at a woman in a blue shirt .
three women holding a banner .
a woman in a parade .
people dressed in costumes .
a child picking up a grill .
a boy is grilling food .
a little boy is cooking in a bowl .
a man and woman are laughing .
an old man walking down the street .
people on a basketball court .
people walking down the street .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man is leaning on a desk .
a man is hitting a volleyball at the beach .
a man playing soccer .
a man about to hit a volleyball .
a man is bowling .
a girl is holding something .
a young woman in a red jacket getting lunch .
a woman in a red shirt holding a paper plate .
a woman wearing an apron is wearing an apron .
a woman is holding a piece of paper with her arm crossed .
a woman watches a young child .
a woman posing for the camera while posing for the camera .
a man walking down the street .
a woman playing a video game .
two people in a car .
three people dancing .
a busy city street .
two dancers dance on a stage .
a man and woman dancing at a festival .
an asian woman with glasses is wearing glasses .
a woman is playing a game .
a boy is looking at the camera .
a baby is smiling and smiling .
a little boy is sitting on a couch looking at something .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a young child is smiling .
a baby is standing next to a tree .
a baby is smiling at the camera .
a small child is sitting next to a couch .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a man in a hat is smiling .
two girls are looking at each other .
a man in a hat is laughing .
women sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child eats a snack .
a child is eating .
a little boy smiles as he smiles .
a boy is eating food .
a boy is eating food .
people walking through a large city .
a girl in a blue outfit is sitting next to a body of water .
a boy rides a scooter .
a child poses with her face .
a small child sits on a wooden bench next to a body of water .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a person in a helmet rides a scooter .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a man looking at something in his hand .
a man pointing at something .
a man is pointing at something .
a group of young men watch a young boy .
a group of young children are looking at something to look at something .
a man holding a little girl holding a little girl .
a cook is preparing food .
a man in a black shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a chef in a white shirt is holding his hand in his hand .
a boy in a black shirt holding an american flag .
a person holding an american flag .
a woman rides a scooter on a scooter with a scooter .
a young boy holding an american flag .
a woman on a scooter .
a woman is walking down the street .
a small child rides a wave .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a person poses for a picture .
a wrestler falling off a ring in a ring .
a man on a crowded street .
a man playing a game with a ball .
a man looking at the street .
a musician sitting on a street corner .
a man is holding a chainsaw .
a man is looking at something .
a boy wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a boy in a blue shirt is attempting to climb a wall .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a carriage with a man standing next to him .
a boy climbing a rock .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
two men are standing on a street corner .
a man is standing next to a sign .
a group of young men are having fun .
two dogs play in the water .
two cowboys are riding horses .
two men are standing outside .
a group of cowboys are jumping rope .
a woman wearing a black skirt .
a woman is pushing a cart .
a woman is shopping .
a woman pushing a cart full of groceries .
a woman pushing a cart .
a girl on a cellphone .
two wrestlers look at something .
a wrestler gets ready to fight .
a gymnast balances on a balance beam .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman stands near a body of water .
a man holding a baby in front of a plate of food .
a man is listening to music .
a person in a pink shirt looks at corn on the cob .
a woman walks by a graffiti wall .
two construction workers are working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a group of women walking down the street .
people are walking down the street .
two dogs playing together .
three people are having a conversation .
two women are standing outside .
a group of children playing outside .
four women are jumping .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a woman walking down the street .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a girl is playing tennis .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a child is playing with toys .
a man and a woman are standing at a podium listening to music .
a woman walking down the street .
two women are reading .
the snow is covered in snow .
a young boy stands in the snow .
a boy is looking at something in the snow with his feet in the snow .
a boy is standing on his shoulders .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a band plays on stage .
two women looking at signs .
two women are reading .
two girls are reading a book on the street .
two girls are looking at a theater .
people enjoying the beach .
a group of people are looking at buckets .
a child in a purple shirt is carrying a suitcase .
a girl in a red shirt and red pants is standing on a red mat .
a group of people standing outside .
a person is hanging upside down .
a baby is crying .
a man is sitting on a bench and talking .
a man getting ready to take a picture .
a person is doing a trick .
a man doing a handstand .
people walking down a street .
a woman in a dress is holding a sword .
a person walking down a sidewalk .
a person walking .
two climbers are sitting on a rock .
a crowd watches as people watch .
a woman sitting in a chair .
people in a building .
a woman stands near a body of water .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a room looking .
a man standing in front of a building .
a man in a striped shirt is standing next to a man in a striped shirt .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a room next to a group of people .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two monks on a staircase .
monks walking down the street .
two people walking down the stairs .
two men walking down the stairs .
two people going up stairs .
two monks walking down the stairs .
two monks are walking down the stairs .
a mechanic taking a break .
two dogs stand next to each other .
two monks walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting around a booth with a white bird .
a child on a slide .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman talking to another woman .
two women talking to each other .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a group of girls talking .
three women are talking to each other .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog chases a stick in its mouth .
two dogs are playing in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a busy street .
a person is sitting on a blanket .
people are climbing a mountain .
a toddler sitting on a bench .
a baby is sitting on a blanket .
a baby sitting on a blanket in the grass .
a baby sitting on a blanket .
a baby is sitting on a rock .
a baby is sitting on a blanket on a blanket .
a dog plays with a dog .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to wood .
a man is watching a woman .
two women looking at each other .
a young man is walking down the street .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
a man in a tank top is looking at the camera .
a man in a yellow shirt is pushing a bike .
a man is standing on metal beams .
a man rides a bicycle .
a crowd of people gathered around a fence .
a group of people at the top of a building .
a group of people standing outside .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a firefighter stands on top of a fence .
a man is painting a picture .
a person riding a bike .
a man riding a bike down a path .
a group of people playing basketball .
a man holding a traffic sign .
a man is directing traffic .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man is standing next to a bus .
a man holding a sign .
a man wearing a hat .
a man with a sign that says " sign .
a dog is holding a tennis racket .
a group of soccer players are performing .
a man holding a sign .
a baby is laughing .
a black dog is licking its teeth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a group of men in green shirts .
an elderly man is sitting on a wall .
a group of people are climbing a tree .
an elderly man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
two boys play in the water .
a group of people on a beach .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
protesters gather in front of a classroom .
several people are standing in front of a sign .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a man holding a protest sign .
two men in a hospital bed .
a man smokes a cigarette .
a little girl is sitting on a soccer ball .
three women are sitting on the edge of a cliff .
a man standing behind a black and white dog .
a man playing with a frisbee .
a man is watching a dog .
two women hugging each other .
two women are walking down the street .
three women are laughing .
three women are walking down the street .
three women posing for a picture .
two women on a beach .
two women on a cliff .
a woman holding a camera .
a man and his daughter are sitting on a blanket .
a black dog jumping on a trampoline .
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .
a boy is jumping on a trampoline .
a black dog climbs on a trampoline .
a man skateboarding .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
people preparing food in a restaurant .
a young girl is making a cake .
a group of people in a studio .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a person is standing on the stairs .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a woman is cutting a cake .
a little girl is riding a swing .
three dogs play in the snow .
a child hangs from a train .
a woman is holding a cake .
the boy is hanging from the monkey bars .
a little boy is playing in a playground .
a man is playing guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a band performs on stage .
a man playing the guitar in front of an audience .
a man playing a guitar .
three men taking a picture .
people walking through a public place .
a man is standing next to a man .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two people are standing next to each other .
two dogs running together .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a group of people are sitting at tables in the sun .
people sit on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a city square in a city square .
a large building with a lot of people in the background .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a group of people are standing on a dock .
people are relaxing by a stream .
a woman is making a funny face .
an elderly man walking down the street .
a girl is looking at vegetables .
a man talking to another man .
two men cleaning snow .
a group of musicians playing music at a concert .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of people are playing monopoly .
a person walking down the street .
a man is wearing a helmet .
a girl taking a picture .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle .
a man dancing .
a man and a woman are swimming .
a man is standing in the water .
two men are performing on stage .
a man standing outside a cafe .
a small child in front of a building .
a person stands in front of a building .
a man is standing next to a candy store .
a man stands in front of a cafe with flowers in the background .
a man standing near a cafe .
a man in a blue shirt is standing outside of a store selling food .
a man standing outside a cafe .
a man is standing in the sun .
a man is sitting on a bench with his hat .
a man is standing in front of a store .
a young man walking past a construction site .
a man walking down the street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two women in martial arts uniforms are practicing martial arts .
a woman and a little girl playing with a ball .
a group of players playing soccer .
a group of men wearing red and white shirts .
two women walking down the street .
a woman holding a trophy .
a soccer player kicks a goal .
two women are fighting each other .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt riding a horse .
two children dance at a dance .
two young boys sleeping .
two children are sitting on a bench with their parents .
a woman holding a camera .
children are sitting on a floor .
four people sitting on a bench .
a waitress is carrying a tray .
a group of people dancing .
a man in a suit holding yarn .
a man and a woman are sitting at a counter .
a group of people sitting at a bar .
a chef holding a tray of food .
a woman in a bikini taking pictures .
two dogs play in the snow .
two men are performing on stage .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a boy is standing on a rock .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man with a guitar is playing the guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a guitarist plays an electric guitar .
a man playing guitar in front of microphones .
a man and a woman dance in front of a crowd of people and people .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is performing on stage with his guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are jumping .
a woman wearing a large hat and a hat is sitting at a table .
a woman wearing a white hat and a white hat .
a woman in a green hat is standing next to a red stand .
a group of people are on a city street .
a picture of a bus .
a woman is talking to a man .
a man working on a machine .
two people sitting on steps .
two men watch a man in a blue shirt .
a woman playing football .
a woman is looking at the water .
a young boy is hanging out of the water .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a woman in a bikini on a beach .
a person is laying on a rock .
a man working on a building .
a flock of birds on the beach .
a woman walking along a boardwalk .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a girl swims in the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a child plays in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog running on the ground .
a girl playing in the sand .
a group of girls are performing on stage .
a group of women sitting on the floor .
a group of girls are looking at something .
a group of people are sitting in a dark area .
a woman is preparing food .
a girl jumping into the ocean .
a little girl playing on the beach .
children sitting at a table .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
two people are talking .
a man is looking at the camera .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting at a table .
a group of men are doing a wheelie .
a man jumping up to jump a ramp .
a child is looking at a washing machine .
a man and his son are playing outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people look at the sky .
people are eating outside .
a person on the grass .
a person walking down the street .
two toddlers playing in the sand .
a man and a boy are outside .
a person hiking at night .
a group of people talking to each other .
people shopping at night at night .
a group of people are standing outside .
people standing outside a store .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man stands in front of a crowd .
a toddler in a pink shirt is crying .
a baby is crying .
two boys are watching a young boy .
a baby crying .
a football player tries to catch a ball .
soccer players playing soccer .
a rugby player in a blue uniform is attempting to score the ball .
a man playing rugby .
a soccer player wearing a red and white jersey is running .
a group of students sitting at a table .
a group of people preparing food .
rugby players are playing rugby .
a woman dancing .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a young man dressed as a clown dances on the street .
two men are talking to each other .
two men pose for a photo in front of a store .
a group of people are hiking in the snow .
a group of people walking through the woods .
a mountain with trees in the background .
a mountain with mountains in the background .
a group of people on a mountain .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a ramp .
this picture is a picture of a man in a blue shirt .
a person is taking a nap .
a man and a woman are eating a meal .
a group of people are looking through a microscope .
this is a kitchen .
a sign holding up a sign .
a pole with a sign on it .
a man holding a sign .
a pole in the air .
this picture is a picture of a man in a blue shirt .
a man riding a motorcycle .
people are looking at a vehicle .
a motorcycle is parked next to a motorcycle .
a man and a woman are looking at a motorcycle .
a group of people are on a motorcycle .
a woman on a tennis court .
a female tennis player on the tennis court .
a female tennis player on a tennis court has her back .
a woman is playing tennis on a tennis court .
a group of people are sitting on the grass .
a group of people are doing a good time .
a group of people are doing work .
a group of people are working .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people are working .
people at an airport .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young woman in a yellow shirt is doing a flip in the air .
a woman is doing a flip .
a woman laying on a rock .
a woman is surfing a wave .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a metal pole .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a bicyclist is taking a break .
a band plays on stage .
a group of children are performing .
a band is playing music .
a person climbing a rock .
a man holding a dog .
people walking down a city street .
people crossing a street .
people walking down a street .
a group of people on the street .
people in a city .
a person is holding a knife .
teenagers working on a paper .
a group of people are walking .
a group of people wearing yellow and black .
a group of men walking down a trail .
two men carrying a garbage bag .
men carrying guns .
a woman walking down the street .
a man playing golf .
a man is preparing food .
a cook is smiling .
a man playing golf .
a man holding a golf club in front of a crowd .
people walking down a street .
a man holding a golf club .
a group of people playing golf .
a man playing golf on a golf course .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a woman reads a book with a book .
a girl is looking through a telescope .
a young man wearing a blue helmet and blue shirt is getting ready to do a trick .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a motorcyclist wearing a helmet .
a girl is reading a statue .
a man is speaking at a podium .
a woman wearing a white lab coat .
a man holding a stick .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a person standing next to a car .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a car .
a man fishing .
a brown and white dog playing the drums .
a man is holding a stuffed animal in his mouth .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of girls playing softball .
a child is pushing a scooter on the grass .
a crowd gathers at a concert .
a dog is laying in the grass with a man in the background .
a toddler playing in the ocean .
a man performing a trick .
a brown and white dog is running through the sky .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a woman is taking a picture .
a lady is holding a bowl .
two people standing in front of a truck .
two firefighters standing in front of a truck .
a race car is driving .
a horse rider jumps over a fence .
a group of girls playing basketball .
a horse is jumping over a fence .
two young women talking to each other .
people walking down a street .
three people are walking down a street .
a group of people are racing .
a man walking on the beach .
a little toddler is crying .
a man in a blue jersey holding a football .
an artist is sitting down .
a child plays in the water .
a girl is holding a young girl .
a man is looking at a vehicle .
two hockey players are running .
a hockey player gets ready to catch the ball .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two people sitting outside .
a man is reading a paper .
three men playing hockey on the lawn .
a woman in a dress is sitting on a swing .
a man jumping over a hurdle .
a boy rides a skateboard .
a man in a leather jacket is talking on a cellphone .
a man is writing on a piece of paper .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a swimmer in a blue bathing suit swims in a pool .
a girl swimming in a swimming pool .
a person in a swimming pool holding a swimming pool .
a child holding a tube .
a woman sitting at a desk .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman working in a kitchen .
a young boy in a blue shirt is cutting a spoon into a bowl .
a mother is taking a picture .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt .
a man playing tennis .
a golfer prepares to catch a ball .
a man on a golf course .
a person skiing .
two men climbing a rock face .
a man skiing down a hill in the middle of a snow covered mountain .
person skiing down a slope .
a skier skiing down a slope .
a man is reading a paper .
a man is looking at a suitcase .
a man is reading a newspaper .
an elderly man is sitting next to a brick wall with graffiti on it .
an old man holding a paper .
an elderly man is reading a newspaper outside .
a man is holding a newspaper .
a man is reading a paper .
a man reading a newspaper .
a group of people having a conversation .
a baseball game in a game .
a group of people on the beach .
a dog jumps up into the air .
a brown dog is playing in the sand .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running into the air .
a baseball player in a white uniform is playing the game .
a man catching a ball .
baseball players playing baseball .
a baseball player slides towards a baseball game .
a group of people playing baseball .
a group of people playing baseball .
two women looking at a cliff .
a boy in a yellow shirt is sitting in a park .
a child is playing in the snow .
a baseball player is attempting to block the puck .
two men are talking to each other .
two men are reading a paper .
two men are having a conversation .
a group of men are standing around a table .
two men are reading .
a singer is performing on stage .
two people competing in a race .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
a woman is standing next to something .
a person is leaning against a railing .
a woman stands in front of many advertisements .
a woman is standing next to a wall .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a man is playing a guitar .
two children are playing in the water .
a woman plays the drums .
a woman playing an instrument .
kids playing in the water .
a boy is playing with his friends .
two boys are playing soccer .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a group of people kayaking in the water .
a group of people are riding their bikes .
three people in a boat .
people are walking down the street .
people are on a boat .
a person on a motorcycle holding up his arm .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
a motorcycle racer is waving .
a girl playing soccer .
a couple is standing in front of a fountain .
people are sitting in a forest .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
four people sitting in the shade .
four people sitting next to water .
an older man walking his donkey .
two children jumping into the air .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a boy sleeps on a sofa .
a group of people are jumping .
a man is sitting on the sidewalk playing his guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
people sitting at a table .
a referee is getting ready to hit the ball .
a group of girls are smiling .
a man is putting his ice cream .
two people are looking at each other .
a child is looking at each other .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man is working on a plane on a plane .
a man is holding a plane .
a person poses for a picture .
a closeup of a woman in a white shirt .
a young man is using a microphone .
a young man with an injured arm .
a young boy in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a young boy with a tattoo on his head .
a young boy in a blue shirt doing a handstand .
a young boy in a plaid shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman in a dress sweeps the street .
a man in a suit is talking on a cellphone .
a person riding a bike .
a child is holding a baby .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman with long hair is sitting on a bench .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people are outside .
two people walking in winter coats .
a couple walking down the street .
two people are talking to each other .
two soccer players on a soccer field .
a group of people celebrating a race .
a girl is sweeping the street .
a man is playing the drums .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is looking at a card .
a man in a black vest and sunglasses is looking at a table at a table .
a dog chases a toy .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is shoveling snow .
a man in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a man painting a picture .
a father and his son are eating food .
a man and a child stand near a pond .
a man and a boy are on a street .
a group of people are walking .
a man and his son are kissing .
a man is standing in a store .
a man is shopping in a grocery store .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a man riding a horse .
a woman cutting cake .
a woman cutting a cake .
a woman cutting a cake .
a man cutting a cake .
a woman is holding a cake .
a woman cutting a cake .
a woman is using a cake while sitting next to an older woman .
two people smile and pose for a picture .
a woman giving a cake .
a woman is holding a tray of bread .
two women serving a cake .
two women , one wearing a white shirt and the other in a cake , are taking pictures .
two young women are laughing .
a bride is smiling at the camera .
a man playing a video game .
a woman is holding balloons with balloons .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a piano .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are riding on a motorcycle in front of a horse .
two people are standing in front of a cake .
a woman in a white shirt and a red skirt is eating .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man jumps over steps .
a man jumps over an object in a gym .
a male gymnast is leaping .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
two women are walking past a grocery store .
a group of people are eating in the woods .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding an umbrella .
a woman wearing a scarf holding a basket .
a woman in a red dress holding a red umbrella .
two musicians performing on stage .
a person riding a motorcycle .
two girls walking down the street .
two people are smiling at the camera .
a man is walking down the street .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
three women talking .
a group of people are looking at a window .
a girl stands next to a window .
people at a restaurant .
a man is shoveling snow .
two horses are in the grass .
a man shoveling snow .
a man and a woman are smiling .
soccer players playing soccer .
two people are having a conversation .
a man and a young girl play outside .
a girl in a green shirt is holding a torch .
people riding horses .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman wearing a blue shirt .
a woman wearing a coat .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people are standing around a slide .
a group of children playing soccer .
people playing on a slide .
a group of people are sliding down a hill .
a mother and her child are laughing .
this image is picture of the image .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a mother and her daughter are outside .
a group of women are dancing .
a crowd of people standing outside .
a bride takes a picture .
a woman is applying makeup .
a woman getting married .
a woman is applying makeup .
a woman is applying makeup .
a baseball player runs across the field .
a woman in a white shirt is walking .
people gathered in front of a television .
a flock of birds at the beach .
two dogs jumping in the air .
a flock of birds .
a flock of birds on the beach .
a flock of birds on the beach .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a card .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a little boy playing a game .
a man drives a car .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
people sitting on a bench waiting for the train .
a woman in a subway tunnel .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a white dress is talking on a cellphone .
a man with a beard and a mustache is standing next to a trashcan .
two men are leaning against a railing .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
a girl reading a book at a coffee shop .
three guys playing tug of war .
a girl writing in a book .
three men playing basketball .
three men playing chess .
a woman is writing .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
three men are playing tug of war .
three young men are playing tug of war .
three men are sitting in a circle .
two men are looking at each other .
a little boy is swimming .
a man wearing a black hat and black hat .
a man riding a motorcycle .
three people are sitting around a table .
a dog chases a dog .
a man grilling food .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man grilling meat .
a group of people looking at each other .
children in white shirts are looking at something .
a group of young men are watching a group of children .
a group of men are looking at something .
a group of children are having fun .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man grilling meat .
a man is sleeping on a bench with his eyes closed .
a child practicing karate .
three girls are singing in a living room .
a black and white dog running in a race .
two women are eating food .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her eyes closed .
a dog in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
two women are eating .
a man fishing on a boat .
construction workers wearing orange vests .
construction workers at a train station .
a man sleeping in the grass .
two men are working in a truck .
a man fishing on a boat .
a man working on a machine .
a man is driving a truck on a farm .
two women are walking down the street .
two women riding a bike down the street .
people walking down the street .
three women walking down the street .
two men looking through microscopes .
a group of young boys are playing .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
a man is holding a glass .
two men are having a conversation .
two men are using a piece of paper .
people walking down the street .
a group of people talking .
two people are having dinner .
two women are walking down the street .
a dog with a ball in his mouth .
a dog catches a ball in a field .
two men are climbing a rock .
a black and white dog catching a ball .
a black dog is looking at a ball in the air .
a person digging in the snow .
two women cleaning up trees .
a young child raking leaves outside .
a young child is using a shovel .
a person is performing a trick .
a group of bicyclists racing .
a group of bicyclists riding down the street .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men riding bikes .
two girls smiling .
a man is doing a trick on a wall .
men in a race race .
a woman and a woman are dancing .
people running in a marathon .
people on a beach .
people running in a marathon .
people walking at the beach .
a man in a plaid shirt is doing a handstand .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
children dancing with hula hoops .
kids dancing and dancing .
children dancing in a dance .
children dancing .
a group of children dressed in white shirts .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl is drawing a presentation .
a woman standing next to a booth .
a female volleyball player hitting the ball .
a group of people playing volleyball .
a large christmas tree with christmas trees .
two volleyball players are standing next to a net .
a young child is standing next to a tree .
a child hangs from a tree .
a child is hanging upside down .
two volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball match .
a person is standing outside a shop .
a man is sitting on a diving board .
a man is crossing the street .
a young man in the middle of a street .
a young man is crossing the street .
the road is driving down the road .
a young man walking down the street .
a boy swimming .
a person is jumping in the air .
a young boy jumping in the air .
three children are sitting on a wooden floor .
three children jumping in the air .
a construction worker working with a rope .
a woman crossing the road .
dancers dancing on stage .
a football player is running with a football .
a football player runs on the field .
a football player in a red and white uniform is running .
a football player runs with a ball .
a football player wearing a red and black uniform .
a group of women dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street in front of a large building .
people standing in front of a shoe store .
a woman carrying a purse crossing a busy street .
a woman carrying a bag walks down the street .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a man is looking at a container .
a woman is working on a project .
a man riding a train .
a woman wearing a black and white dress .
a woman is sitting on a train .
a woman on a train .
two dogs running .
a boy is shoveling mud .
a man and a woman are playing in the ocean .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking on the beach .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a person in a red jacket is walking down the street .
a child in the snow .
a climber on a wall .
people eating at a mountain range .
a man is riding a train .
a girl writing on a piece of paper .
two girls walk along a log in a field .
two dogs are standing near a fire hydrant .
three children standing in front of a billboard .
a woman in a store .
a woman in a white shirt standing in a city .
three children posing for a picture .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
doctors performing surgery .
a man sitting on a bench .
doctors are watching a patient .
a person in a black shirt is holding a balloon .
a student doing a science experiment .
a woman reading a book .
a group of women in dresses .
a group of people are playing in a bowling alley .
two men are playing instruments .
a group of people playing basketball .
two guys playing chess .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men playing chess .
a worker wearing protective gear .
construction workers at a construction site .
a group of men are standing in a field .
a man working on a construction site .
a man standing next to a bulldozer .
a young man is kneeling in front of a young girl .
a blond woman sits in a subway station reading a magazine .
a woman is standing in the subway .
a couple talks to each other .
a bulldozer digs in a hole .
a little girl in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people dancing in a courtyard .
a group of young girls wearing black and white dresses are standing in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people are standing in front of a body of water .
a person in a forest in a forest .
children eating in front of a museum .
a group of people are standing outside .
a child wearing a yellow and green striped shirt .
children sitting next to a statue .
three girls are sitting next to each other .
a band performs at a concert .
three people are working on a construction site .
men working on scaffolding .
a man sitting on a bench .
people walking down the street .
a woman with a scarf on her head is standing on a street .
a man with his legs crossed .
a woman is posing for a picture with an umbrella .
a group of men are preparing food .
a man walking down the street .
workers are working at work .
workers are taking a break .
people waiting to cross the street .
several people working in a plastic bag .
people are working on a project .
a person is walking down the street .
a man with glasses holds a beer .
two men are working on a project .
two women dancing outside .
a father plays with his son .
a group of people are standing outside .
people playing soccer .
a man holding a child .
men playing soccer in a soccer field .
two men are standing outside .
two men are doing push ups .
men playing soccer .
men playing soccer in the grass .
a man pushes a little boy on a swing .
people are swimming in a pool .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a group of swimmers are swimming on the edge of a pool .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
a man is using a mirror .
a man with a white hat is working with wood .
a man in a white shirt is leaning over a ladder .
a man holding a hammer .
a man cutting wood .
a man with no shirt is carrying a tool .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man stands in front of an audience .
a soldier is helping his son .
a man is speaking to a crowd of people .
an older man giving a presentation to two men .
three women are walking down the street .
a young girl in a baseball game .
girls playing a game .
girls playing softball .
two girls are running on a baseball field .
a group of girls at a baseball game .
a woman wearing a jersey with a number 8 on it .
a person on a bicycle .
two men are standing next to a railing .
a group of men are sitting on a balcony .
a boy is bowling .
four men wearing jeans and shirts .
a group of young men are standing together .
a group of men are climbing .
a group of men are sitting on a balcony .
two young men are standing outside of a building .
a group of men are standing in a circle .
two men playing guitars on a stage .
four men are sitting on a bench .
a man climbing up a large rock face .
a band is playing the drums .
a group of people on stage .
a man in a black shirt is holding a camera .
a man holding a camera .
an asian man holding a camera .
a photographer takes a picture .
asian man holding a camera .
a group of people walking along a sidewalk .
a woman and a young girl are sitting on a bench .
a student is giving a presentation .
a group of people running .
a group of people on the beach .
people running on the beach .
people running outside .
a woman running on the beach .
a group of people running on a beach .
children playing on the beach .
a man wearing a black cap and a black cap .
a group of people running in the sand .
two men wearing hats .
a man and woman are smiling .
a crowd of people waving a flag .
a group of people singing .
people are standing on stage .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a man on the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man talking on a cellphone .
firefighters in orange vest and hard hats .
a child is jumping .
a man in a white shirt is working on a computer .
a man and a boy are in a bed .
a man and a child are jumping on a bed .
a man is jumping on a bed on a bed .
two people are sitting in a bed .
a young child playing in a room .
a girl is sitting on a bed .
a child is sitting on a couch and looking away .
a child is sitting on a bed .
a child is listening to his friend .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man in a yellow shirt is looking at something .
a man and a boy are looking at the camera .
a man is sitting on a bed .
a group of people in a room .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
a man is jumping on a bed with his arms on his head .
a man is jumping on a bed on a bed .
a person is jumping on a bed .
a woman is performing a handstand .
a man is standing up .
a young boy sleeps on his knees .
a child is looking at something .
a worker working on a trailer .
a girl hanging upside down .
a girl is hanging from a basketball while others watch .
a young girl is hanging upside down .
a basketball player is hanging upside down .
a young girl is sitting on the ground .
a woman is hanging upside down in the air .
a basketball player is hanging from a basketball hoop .
a young girl is standing on a rock .
a man is looking at something .
two men stand by a bar .
a man is sitting on a bar .
a man standing by a bar .
a man in a bar with friends .
a band plays on stage .
a group of women wearing colorful clothing .
three women ride a horse .
three women are riding a horse .
two women ride a horse .
a group of people riding bikes .
three women are standing in a vehicle .
a group of people wearing dresses .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt .
three women are riding a bike .
a police officer is talking to someone .
a group of people are playing music .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
people are standing next to train tracks .
two men working on a roof .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
two construction workers perform on a train track .
a man is working on a train track .
two men cleaning trash .
a group of people are sitting on a subway .
two men cleaning up trash .
men in orange vests cleaning trash in a subway station .
two men working on a subway .
workers working on railroad tracks .
three workers are working on a subway train train tracks .
three people are cleaning the subway tracks .
a group of people are cleaning .
a subway station with graffiti in the background .
a group of people wearing colorful clothing .
children running in a grassy field .
a group of children running on a playground .
children riding bikes .
children running towards a truck .
three children running in a race .
a woman at a sporting event .
a woman is playing tennis .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is hitting a tennis ball .
a woman sits in a chair with a blue wall behind her .
a young girl is enjoying a sunny day in the snow .
a man in a black shirt is looking at a cross of a street .
a man in a uniform is sitting at the edge of a court .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a young child is sitting on a rock .
a girl in a dress is walking across a lawn .
a girl is walking on the grass in the grass .
a young girl in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a person walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a house .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a child is walking with a toy .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a child playing with a ball .
a middle aged man walking through a field .
a man in a green shirt is laying on the grass .
a man is walking through a field of leaves .
a group of people are standing at a podium .
a man walks by a farm .
a woman laughing .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a worker is fixing a wall .
a young woman is running in a race .
a woman is riding a bike .
a teacher teaching a class of students .
a construction worker is reaching for something .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a classroom in a classroom .
a teacher teaching a class of students .
a teacher is reading a book .
teacher teaching students how to class .
a teacher is reading a book .
a man is standing in the water .
a woman dancing in a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a man in a red wetsuit surfing a wave .
a man on a surfboard .
a man diving into a pool .
two construction workers are working on a wall .
two construction workers are working on a wall .
two men working on a roof .
a construction worker is working on a ladder on a ladder .
two construction workers are working .
two men in a room with a ladder .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man standing on a ladder .
a man working on a ladder .
two people in a room .
construction workers are working .
men working on a building .
a group of men wearing hard hats and hard hats .
a group of men in hard hats .
two men working on a project .
people in front of a blue wall .
a man on a motocross bike .
a man climbing a ladder .
a young boy in a bathing suit waves at the ocean .
a group of people enjoying drinks in a bar .
a group of young people celebrating at a party .
a group of people at a party .
young adults having fun at a party .
a party party .
people at a party .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a group of people at a party .
people sitting on the grass .
a boy and a girl are smiling .
three people are talking to a wall .
four people walking down the street .
a person walking down the road .
a man is walking with mountains in the background .
a person walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men are looking at something .
people waiting at a train station .
a group of people dressed in black .
a man wearing a leather jacket is walking .
two people are standing next to each other .
a person in a black jacket with his arms outstretched .
two men are holding hands .
a person holding hands .
a young woman is cooking at a park .
a young woman is cooking at a park .
people are walking on a sidewalk .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a boy is standing outside a store .
a boy stands outside a shop .
two people are standing outside a building .
a boy is looking at a shopping cart .
a young boy is standing outside a building .
a boy stands in front of a building .
a young boy standing on a street corner .
a young boy is walking up the street .
a child on a roller coaster .
a boy on a roller coaster .
a roller coaster on a roller coaster .
a person sitting under a sign .
a young boy rides a roller coaster .
a group of people waiting in line .
a person is riding a bike down the street .
a bmx biker performing a trick in front of the ocean .
a person riding a bike .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a cyclist performing a trick .
a man performing a trick .
a cyclist doing tricks on his bike .
a cyclist rides a bike .
a cyclist doing tricks on his bike .
a group of men taking pictures .
a man taking a break .
a man taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt taking pictures .
a baseball pitcher about to throw a baseball .
a guy skateboarding at a park .
two football players in blue and white uniforms stand on a baseball field .
two baseball players are tackling each other on the field .
baseball players playing baseball .
two men are speaking into a microphone .
two baseball players , one wearing a blue uniform and the other wearing a baseball cap and the other in a baseball uniform .
two men are walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
people are walking down the street .
people at a volleyball game .
a woman lifting weights .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man stands next to a woman who is standing next to a woman .
a tourist taking a picture of the camera .
a woman lifting weights .
a man takes a picture while another man looks on .
a group of men looking at a monument .
construction workers are talking .
a group of people looking at machinery .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men wearing hats and hats .
two people are standing outside .
a baseball player looks on .
a baseball player is playing with a ball .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a baseball player swings his bat .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
the bus is busy .
a man washing a bus .
a man on a bus .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a bicycle .
a woman on a bus .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a boat with people in the background .
two people are on a boat .
a boat in the water .
a large body of water .
people walking down the street .
a man paddles a wave .
a man is standing in the water .
the water is wet .
a baby is in a bowl .
a baby is in a bowl .
a bowl is in a bowl .
a chef is holding a spoon .
a man and a woman are eating .
a little girl playing in the water .
two people are playing a video game .
a group of people playing video games .
three people are playing a video game .
three people are playing a video game .
three people are sitting on a couch in a living room .
a living room with stuffed toys .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a cat is laying on a couch .
a cat is drinking coffee and drinking coffee .
this is a living room .
a little girl is running down the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a young child is riding a bike .
three children playing in the grass .
a gate with a gate .
a firefighter is standing near a pile of leaves .
a security guard leans against a gate .
a security guard leans against a gate .
a man is standing in front of a gate .
a group of people walking through the woods .
a horse in the woods .
two horses are riding horses .
a group of people are riding a horse .
two horses are riding horses .
a woman holding a bottle .
an asian man is sitting at a table with a bottle of beer .
a bicyclist in front of a building in front of a building .
a group of people working at a restaurant .
a man carries a bicycle with his bike .
a skier wearing a helmet is racing .
a child walking .
an asian man reading a newspaper .
a woman is painting a picture .
a little girl playing at home .
a person on a train .
a child rides a bike .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
a person is running with a soccer ball .
a boy is standing on a rock .
two men fighting .
two men boxing each other .
two men at an event .
two men in front of a crowd .
two men fighting .
a female swimmer wearing a blue and white bikini .
children riding scooters down a street .
a dog is jumping into the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman reading a book .
a dog is jumping into the water .
three children are playing outside .
a man is standing on a stool .
a couple in a store .
three people on a cement structure .
three girls are holding a basketball .
two girls playing outside .
three girls walking along the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man in a black shirt talking to another man .
two men standing outside a building .
three men are standing in front of a building .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man in a blue shirt is typing at a desk .
an older man working on a computer .
a man sitting at a desk .
two women are walking down the street .
a little girl is holding flowers .
a boy playing basketball .
two men wearing shorts and black shorts are jumping .
a man sitting on a bench .
four people are watching a group of people .
a child in the snow .
a man wearing glasses is looking at a wooden display .
an older man posing for a picture .
a man is standing next to a bowling alley .
a group of people are making a funny face .
an older man poses for a picture .
an older man stands in front of an information store .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a wooden table .
a man is standing up .
a man is standing next to a large plate of food .
two men are walking through a field .
two people ride a roller coaster .
two dogs running in a field .
two men playing basketball .
a race car is racing .
two older men are standing outside .
a woman holding a red flag .
a group of people in a race .
a woman is running a marathon .
two older men are standing in front of an airplane .
a man skateboards down a street .
a group of people are standing on grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
football players playing football .
two men are playing baseball .
five football players are playing basketball .
two men are playing baseball .
a group of men playing football .
a race car race .
a man and a woman are sitting on a blanket .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running around .
a boy in jeans and a blue shirt jumping .
a person stands on a mountain .
a camel passes the finish line .
young children playing in the water .
a black and white dog jumping .
a girl rides a unicycle .
two men standing in a field .
a man is throwing a baseball bat .
two men wearing white shirts .
two players are getting ready to hit the ball .
two men playing baseball .
group of young people riding scooters .
a girl rides a unicycle on a unicycle .
a man standing on a ladder .
a group of children are playing in the street .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man holding a microphone in his hand .
a musician playing a guitar .
a musician playing an instrument .
a musician playing the guitar .
a group of construction workers picking up trash .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men on a farm .
a line of hay in a field .
people in a field .
a group of teenagers are working on a table .
a man is playing a guitar .
three boys are playing at the end of a soccer field .
three boys play in a field .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of children are sitting outside .
three boys are posing for a picture .
a group of children playing outside .
two men are playing football .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
three firefighters are trying to pull a red car .
a group of people are looking at the water .
two children playing in a fountain .
children playing in the water .
a man is eating fruit .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is using a snack .
a man is standing in a plastic bin filled with water .
three men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are dancing .
two women laying on a bench .
two women making faces .
three dancers are dressed in colorful costumes .
a man is holding a saxophone .
a man walking through water .
a person is walking through the woods .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man in a blue canoe in front of a mountain .
a man walking in shallow water .
a man walking down the street .
a man is walking through the water .
a man fishing in the water .
a man is fishing into a lake .
a man with a fishing net is walking through the water .
a man fishing into a net .
a woman is standing next to a car .
a woman is standing next to a car .
a woman sitting at a table .
a woman in winter clothes stands in front of a car .
a woman is holding her hand up .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a lady walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is at an event .
the photographer is taking a picture .
a group of workers are standing in front of cars .
two men walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man with a white and white striped shirt is walking on a brick sidewalk .
two men talking to each other .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a person dressed in a costume is underwater .
a man is pouring something into a glass .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a room .
a person taking pictures .
a person holding a rope .
a man is cutting something .
a man is doing a trick .
a group of people are hugging .
children play in the water .
a man is holding a pink umbrella .
a man is standing on a boardwalk holding up a bouquet of water .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture outside .
people are walking on the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a plaid shirt is pointing out of a book .
a man in a blue jacket is standing next to a bus smiling and smiling .
a man standing next to a bus stop .
two people walking over water .
a dog walks through snow .
a performer is performing a concert .
a group of children playing outside .
a person in a white shirt is running on a sidewalk .
a girl is taking a picture .
a girl sitting on a bench .
two people are standing in a grocery store .
a woman stands with an umbrella .
a man holding his head in his hands .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman stands in the street with an umbrella .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing in the grass .
a man in a market .
people shopping at a market .
a man is looking at something .
people at a market .
a group of people are relaxing outside .
a girl running down the street .
a dog drinking water .
people are eating .
a girl is running .
a dog is standing in a pool .
a family enjoying dinner .
family sitting around a table .
a white dog is splashing in the water .
a guy working on a machine .
a brown dog chasing a red ball .
two people in a gym .
people walking down a street .
a group of children are playing outside .
a girl wearing a red shirt and red pants .
three women are walking down the street .
two children walking in the woods .
a man in a black shirt is working on the sidewalk .
a girl wearing a short sleeve shirt is holding a microphone and singing into a microphone while holding a microphone , while a man in a black shirt is talking to him .
two children in a forest .
two people on a bridge .
a man is using a hammer .
a family is drawing .
a brown dog is trying to catch a tennis ball .
a girl jumping off a rock .
a girl jumping off a rock while others watch .
a child jumps into the sand .
a child playing in the sand .
two girls in winter coats .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench with a cane .
a man standing outside .
a woman holding a baby .
a boy in a white shirt is playing a game .
a group of people eating outside .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a group of people enjoying a meal .
people gathered around a grill .
a man playing an accordion .
a man is playing the drums .
three people sitting at an outdoor table .
a man wearing shorts and sunglasses is waiting to cross the road with a bicycle in the background .
a dog shaking off water into the water .
an old man is carrying a tray .
a man sitting on a table on a table .
a child is taking a picture .
a young man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand at a bar .
a brown dog is jumping high in the air .
people dancing on the grass .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a man is sitting in a bus .
a group of people dancing .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of women are playing a sport .
two people in a vehicle .
three women are sitting at a table with books and books .
three women are writing on books .
three women talking to each other .
three women are sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
three students are sitting in a classroom .
a man is sitting at a table with books and books .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
people are on a balcony .
a man and a woman are working .
a child is playing in the snow .
a group of people working in a workshop .
asian workers are working on the street .
a man in a green shirt and a man in a blue shirt are walking .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a biker wearing a red helmet is holding his bike .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
two children are standing next to each other .
people are standing around a campfire .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a man riding a bull .
a man in a blue and white helmet rides a bucking bronco in a race .
a bull rider tries to catch a bull .
a person riding a bull .
a man riding a bull .
tourists are sitting on a bench .
a man giving a presentation .
two people are dancing .
a man taking a picture .
people are looking at something .
a man shaving his gloves .
two surgeons performing surgery .
a child swimming in the water .
a man and woman are eating .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people gathered around a table .
two men are looking through a microscope .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
three men are standing in front of a car .
children are jumping on a trampoline .
a man walking down the street .
a man holding a beer .
people on a boat in the ocean .
two women carrying bags .
a doctor is working on a patient 's patient .
two men are standing by a building .
two men working on a building .
a group of people are standing together .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two men standing next to a building .
a man is eating a meal .
a little boy stands in the water .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is playing his guitar .
a man is eating .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered together .
two people are talking in a park .
a man and a woman taking a break .
a large group of people outside a large tree .
a crowd of people watching a clown .
a woman is standing in the snow .
a busy street .
two people eating .
a man in a black shirt and shorts is walking down the street .
a man is standing on the grass with mountains in the background .
a young man rides a skateboard .
two children are sitting at a table .
two dogs playing in the water .
a female gymnast wearing a white and white outfit is doing a jump in the air .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
a woman riding a horse .
two children are playing outside .
a woman kisses a young girl .
two women perform on stage .
a young child plays guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a young girl is performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the desert .
a woman standing on a pole .
a group of people walk under a bridge .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people walking by a building .
a group of people are walking by a building .
people walking outside of a building .
a group of people are walking past a brick building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is kissing a child .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a woman wearing purple .
a group of students in a classroom .
a woman walking in the woods .
a woman is lying down .
a boy swimming in a lake .
a woman doing a handstand .
a man and a woman are skiing in the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a clown in front of a crowd .
people walking down a street .
people in a crowded museum .
two girls eating food .
a group of men jogging .
two little girls eating .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two people walking over a body of water .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple walking past a sign .
two people walking on a street .
a man shaving his head .
a man on a beach with a dog .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is getting his haircut .
a man is getting a haircut .
a man is getting a haircut .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a dog are walking in the snow .
people playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar .
two girls laughing on a bed .
two people are sitting on a bed laughing .
two women posing for a picture .
two musicians playing guitars and singing .
two men working on a project .
a road in the road .
a group of people in a room .
a woman is talking with a man in a blue shirt .
two people are talking .
a man with glasses is holding a microphone .
a woman in a blue shirt buying something .
two men working on a staircase .
two men wearing shorts are climbing steps .
a skateboarder rides a skateboard .
a man standing outside with his cellphone .
a woman is sleeping .
a woman working on a loom .
two people walking down the street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a dog is playing with a frisbee .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs are hugging each other .
a group of cyclists riding on a mountain .
a little girl wearing a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a young child is sitting on the shoulders of a crowd of people .
a little girl is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a group of cyclists are racing .
a young girl stands in front of a crowd of people .
the young girl is sitting on the ground .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
people standing in the snow .
four women are wearing bathing suits .
a couple walking past a hotel store .
a group of people standing outside .
three people pose for the camera .
a mother is holding a child .
a woman holding a baby with a baby in the background .
a woman holding a young boy .
a fireman standing next to a firetruck .
a fireman with no shirt on .
firemen standing in front of a firetruck .
a fireman standing next to a firetruck .
two firefighters are standing in front of a firetruck .
firemen are working together .
a woman holding a small child .
a man is throwing a net .
a man in a blue shirt is working .
an old man prepares to fish .
an older man is throwing a fishing net .
a man is fishing into a net .
skiers on a ski lift .
two women standing in front of a shop .
a man getting a tattoo .
a man getting a haircut .
a man is drawing on his back .
a woman is getting a tattoo .
a man is getting a tattoo .
a man stands in front of a house .
a man holding a sign in front of a building .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a man is giving a tattoo .
a man with a tattoo on his face .
a man is drawing a picture .
a man is giving a tattoo .
a man using a tattoo .
a woman is getting a tattoo .
a man is getting a tattoo .
a woman is sitting on a rock .
a woman wearing a hat .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking down a busy street .
a woman is crossing the street .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is playing frisbee .
a group of people are on a table .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
three men are sitting at a table .
a young man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a person wearing a red shirt .
a boy dressed in black stands on the street .
people on a ski lift .
a woman jumping into the air .
two men are sitting by a window .
three men are walking down a street .
a toddler is wearing overalls .
a blond child looking at candy .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a boy sliding down a hill .
a person skiing in the snow .
a choir of army soldiers are standing in front of an audience .
a man in a snow covered mountain .
a person surfing on the beach .
a man sliding down a sand dune .
a man sliding down a large sand dune .
a man is sliding down a large sand dune .
a man is sliding down a sand dune on a sunny day .
a man is skiing down a hill .
a man riding his bike on his bike .
people on a ski lift .
the little boy is looking at the grocery store .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are crossing an intersection .
a couple taking a picture .
a group of men playing instruments .
a man holding a microphone in his hand .
a band plays on stage .
people posing for a picture .
a child playing with a toy .
two boys playing in the water .
two dogs running in a field .
three people are standing in the water .
a group of people swimming in a river .
two men playing in the water .
two men playing in the water .
a snowboarder jumps in the air in the air .
a man on a beach .
a man wearing a white shirt .
a man fishes .
a man is surfing on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a person is jumping in the air .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a person in a car .
a man in a swimming pool .
two firemen are climbing up a tree .
two boys playing with a ball .
three men are working on a tree .
a man climbs a tree .
a group of construction workers are working on a roof .
two men in a forest .
a little girl in a pink dress .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a woman is holding a baby .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a person looking at the camera .
an elderly woman looking at another woman .
a group of people are walking .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man rides a bike .
a boy is attempting to fix a toy wheel .
a man is wrestling .
a man is riding a bike .
a girl walking down the street .
a young girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man is looking at a car .
a group of people on a sunny day .
a man washing windows .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a small child is holding a snow shovel in the bathroom .
a small white dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog carries a tennis ball .
a dog is running on a soccer field .
a dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
a dog playing with a ball .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
two people holding cameras .
two women are reading .
a red and white race car .
a roller coaster rides a roller coaster .
a roller coaster on a roller coaster .
people on a roller coaster .
a group of people are riding a roller coaster .
a man is standing next to a dog .
two women reading books .
two women reading books in public .
three adults are playing a game .
a man and a boy are sitting at a table eating .
a child and a child are posing for a picture .
a man and a little boy eating on a porch .
a group of people are having fun .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man and a boy eating lunch .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy holding a baseball bat .
a group of people working on scaffolding .
a man working on a construction site .
an old man in a yellow shirt is shoveling snow .
a man is holding a pole .
an older man holding a pole and looking at the camera .
a person is holding something .
an older man looking at something .
a group of children wearing pink and white costumes .
a woman waiting to cross the street .
two people standing on the side of the road .
two people standing next to a street .
people walking down a city street .
two people standing on the side of a city street .
two people are standing outside .
two little girls wearing dresses .
a man is taking a break .
a woman standing on the street .
people walking down the street .
a little girl in a green dress is holding a hula hoop .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a girl is holding a balloon .
a little girl is standing in a street .
a little girl on the street .
a little girl wearing a pink and white outfit is running through the grass .
a little girl running .
a girl chasing a balloon .
a young girl in a pink dress is running after a balloon .
a girl is chasing a yellow balloon .
a girl holding a balloon .
a man holding a camera .
a man taking a break .
a woman walking on a bridge .
a woman in a dress is crossing a bridge .
a woman holding a child .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child wearing a helmet .
a girl is balancing on her bike .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a street vendor waits on a busy street .
a girl wearing a helmet and a helmet .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is standing next to a building .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman climbing a rock .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is cooking .
a person on a mountain climbing a mountain .
two people walk down a path .
a dog stands next to a body of water .
a black dog walks along a stream .
a dog walks through the snow .
a dog walks by a garden .
a dog walks down a path in a garden .
two girls are playing musical instruments .
people are walking outside .
a family is sitting outside .
a boat in the water .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue pants .
a boat in the ocean .
two men wearing jackets and hats .
two young men standing in a doorway .
two people are standing in the snow .
two men standing in the snow .
two men are standing in the snow .
two men are standing outside .
two men standing in the snow .
two men stand by the side of a building .
family enjoying a meal .
three men in the middle of a boat .
a person riding a motorcycle .
two people are sitting at a table .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is standing next to two dogs .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a cyclist wearing a helmet .
a woman walking down the street .
a dog in a yard .
a woman is hugging a dog .
people playing on the beach .
a dog is playing in the grass .
children playing soccer .
two boys playing soccer .
a young boy running in a field .
a man is standing on his head .
a bicyclist in a city .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a man is shopping for groceries .
four people dancing .
a brown dog is biting something .
couples dancing .
people dancing .
a group of people dancing .
two couples dancing .
two men in a room .
a woman poses for a picture .
four people are standing next to each other .
a woman is standing next to a tree .
an old man in a green shirt is working on a machine .
a man is giving a presentation .
a group of monks walking down the street .
three people are working on a piece of paper .
a woman in a black dress is walking down the street .
people standing around a building .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
people standing in front of a building .
a dog is chasing a dog .
people are sitting outside of a building .
a girl smiles at a grocery store .
a puppy running down a road .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are waiting for something .
two women walking down the street .
people are walking down a street .
two girls are playing outside .
two girls walking down the street .
four people in a kitchen .
a group of people are talking to each other .
four people in a kitchen .
two women making a meal .
a man and woman in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a group of people performing on stage .
two dancers pose .
people walking down a street .
people dancing in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking through a crowd .
people are standing in front of a building .
a group of men standing outside .
a group of people are having fun .
two men standing on the grass .
a group of men in blue shirts are shaking hands .
people standing by a wall .
a man on a brown horse is riding a brown horse .
a jockey riding a horse .
two horses racing .
a dog is laying on a bed .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps in the air .
a brown puppy is chewing on a leash .
a puppy lays on a bed .
a man is playing an instrument in a concert .
a man holding a drink .
football players playing football .
a group of hikers are riding on a river .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs standing next to each other .
two dogs run through snow .
a dog in a pile of snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are running through a grassy field .
two dogs standing in the snow .
a man is sitting on a rock .
two people are walking around a table .
a man is working at a table .
a man is walking down the street .
a basketball player takes a shot .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a basketball player jumping in the air .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a kid skateboarding in front of a crowd .
a group of people are standing on a street .
a snowboarder performing a trick .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man reading a magazine on a bench .
two girls walking down the street .
a woman running in a marathon .
three people are playing instruments .
three musicians are playing instruments .
a girl is jogging down the street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
people standing in the shade .
a man rides a bike .
a man in a blue shirt rides a motorcycle .
a man riding a bike .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man rides a motorcycle down a street .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people hold a sign .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a boy laying on the sidewalk .
a football game in a stadium .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people walking on the street .
a group of people walking on a road lined with buildings .
a group of people are walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
people walking towards a park .
a woman in a green sweater is at the laundromat .
a man and a woman wave a wave .
a group of kids playing in a field .
a woman standing in front of a store .
a little girl playing in the grass .
a group of girls are walking through a tunnel in a tunnel .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two people are smiling at a table .
a person walking down the street .
a group of people looking at the camera .
a man is walking down the street .
people jumping in the air .
a little girl playing with toys .
a little girl is playing outside .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt playing a guitar .
a small child is looking at children in a classroom .
a child is sitting on the floor .
a little boy reading a book in a classroom .
a child is holding a book .
a child looking at books .
a boy playing on a playground .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs are biting each other .
two dogs playing in the grass .
a dog is running through the snow .
two boys wearing blue shirts .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking a meal .
a man on a motorcycle .
a man on a beach .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a black dog swimming in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and a dog are outside .
a dog on the beach .
a black dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown and white dog jumps over a body of water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a toddler with green eyes looking .
people sitting on a bench .
people enjoying a meal .
a group of people holding up their hands .
a street performer is playing an accordion .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is walking down the street .
a singer performs a song .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a guitar is playing a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is looking at a woman .
two men riding horses .
a man in a blue shirt is using a house .
two motorcycle riders racing on a racetrack .
an older man wearing a kilt .
a band is performing on stage .
two men are talking .
a ballerina in a white dress is dancing .
a dancer is performing with a guitar .
a group of people are performing .
a man dances in front of a stage full of people in front of him .
a man is performing on stage .
two men are talking .
a man in a park .
the brown dog is in the grass .
two men are talking on a cellphone .
a dog runs along a fence .
a black and white dog running in a field .
a dog in a field .
a black and white dog is running across the grass towards the camera .
a couple enjoying dinner .
a woman is using a microscope .
a woman is standing in front of a wall .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a little boy wearing a yellow shirt and yellow pants is standing on a scooter .
a little boy is riding a scooter .
a little boy in a blue shirt is riding a scooter .
a boy rides a scooter .
a boy is standing on a rock .
two men are laughing .
a man running .
two men standing in a field .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man is walking down the street .
three men are working on a building .
four men are competing in a basketball game .
a man sits next to a bus stop .
two men competing in a race .
a group of men running in a marathon .
two men are getting ready to cross the street .
a man is riding a bus .
a man with a briefcase is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a black bag .
a man is standing on a bus .
three people laughing .
two men playing rugby .
a group of people are standing in front of a monument .
a group of people are sitting at a desk .
a group of men are having a discussion .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman walking on the sidewalk .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman wearing sunglasses walks down the street .
a woman is wearing sunglasses .
a group of people are eating .
a woman walking down the street .
a young boy is looking through a telescope .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a boy is jumping on a couch .
a boy in a gray shirt is jumping on a couch .
a young boy looking at the camera .
a boy is sitting on a couch .
a dog runs through the grass .
two women are shoveling snow .
a dog on the beach .
the dog is running through the sand .
a group of people are working on a project .
a dog runs through the snow .
people waiting to cross the street .
a person is holding a stick in his hand .
a man in a subway station .
a woman walking down the street .
a child playing in the sand .
a woman waits on a subway platform .
a young boy shaking his hands .
a woman in a black jacket is crossing the street .
a street vendor stands on the street .
a man is cooking food .
a cook cooks on a grill .
a man preparing food .
a man is cooking in front of a restaurant .
a man is working on a grill .
a man cooking food .
people playing chess .
people are looking at something .
an old man wearing an orange shirt and black pants .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing the drums on stage .
a band playing the drums .
a man in a black shirt playing the drums .
a man is sitting in front of a red drum .
a man painting a picture .
people playing soccer .
a crowd of fans are standing around .
a man is rock climbing .
a man in a hole in a hole .
two children are running away from a soccer basket .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a man is standing on rocks .
a person is standing up .
a man working in a hole .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man stands in a hole .
a man in a hole in a hole .
people walking down the street .
a man in a black jacket is painting a painting .
a man in a leather jacket painting .
two women walking down the sidewalk with a shopping cart .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
people are standing outside .
a man is holding a car .
a person climbing a rock .
a man wearing jeans .
children running down the street .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a boy sits in the grass .
a boy is sitting on a rock .
a child laying on a rock .
people running in a marathon .
a group of people walking on the road .
a man is standing on the beach .
a man wearing a hat .
a boy is running with a boy .
two people are playing a game .
a group of people drinking beer .
people are having drinks .
a group of young people having a conversation .
a group of people drinking beer and drinking beer .
a man climbing a tree .
a man is walking down the street .
a tattoo artist putting a tattoo on a tattoo .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a man playing the drums .
a man reading a newspaper .
four people looking at something .
a man is getting ready to cross the street .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a dog runs through the grass .
children standing in the snow .
a woman in a coat is walking down the street .
two children are making a large snowball .
two boys standing in the snow .
two little boys are playing in the snow .
a person climbing a rock .
a man playing a game .
a woman in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man on a bike .
a man stands in a public place .
a woman stands in front of a memorial .
a woman in a pink dress is standing in front of a memorial .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a book .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man riding a bike on a sunny day .
an older woman poses for a picture .
a man riding a bicycle .
two people walking on a sidewalk .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people dancing .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman dancing .
a man and a woman in front of a christmas tree .
a man waits for a train .
a woman looking at the ocean .
families enjoying a picnic .
a man sitting in a chair .
a girl poses for a picture .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is standing on a beach .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
two men are sitting under a tree .
three young men are sitting on a bench .
three construction workers wearing orange uniforms .
three workers are standing in front of bicycles .
a large group of people gather under a tent .
three construction workers work .
a man working on a roof .
a man and a young boy are sitting outside .
children riding bikes in the water .
a man getting his shoes shined .
a man stands on a mountain .
a man is walking down the street .
two children are playing in the grass .
a man in a sunset in the sunset .
a man is leaning over his shoe .
a boy and girl are at a park .
a woman laughing .
two women are smoking a cigarette .
two women in a bar .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a woman holding a purse .
a woman posing for a picture .
a man is leaning against a train .
a man giving a speech .
two dogs play in the grass .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a group of people are playing cards .
a woman walking down the street .
a basketball player attempts to block the ball .
a group of boys wearing uniforms .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a cyclist doing a trick in front of a crowd .
a person riding a bicycle .
a person on a bmx bike .
a street performer is performing a trick .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman in a green shirt stands in front of a fish statue .
two dogs carrying a stick .
a man carrying something .
two dogs in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs are swimming .
a man in an orange shirt is walking .
a bride and groom getting married .
a group of people are outside .
two children working at a table .
two women talking to each other .
a couple stands in front of a bridge .
two police officers are talking .
two women standing on the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a construction site in a construction site .
two boys are sitting at a table .
a little boy in a yellow shirt is skateboarding in a construction site .
a little boy is sitting in a construction project in a construction site .
a boy in a yellow shirt is working on a boat .
a child sitting on a bench .
a small boy is sitting in a tractor on a tractor .
a small child is playing with dirt .
a young child in a blue shirt is smiling .
a child is playing in the grass .
a tractor is driving down a dirt road .
a child sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt playing an accordion .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man is jumping on rocks .
a man jumping in the air .
a man in a black and white striped shirt is jumping in front of a mountain .
a person wearing a black shirt .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man is riding a bike .
the man in the black suit is holding a camera .
a man is playing the accordion in front of a store .
a guy doing a handstand on the ground .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman smiling .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a man in the snow .
a girl in a white shirt is raising her hands .
a man in a blue jacket and goggles is skiing down a lane .
a group of young children playing on a playground .
a man eating a snack .
a girl drawing a portrait .
a woman getting a tattoo .
a young girl is writing on her head .
a little girl holding a flower on her head .
a man is eating a meal .
a group of people standing in front of a drum .
a person is riding a bike through the woods .
a band playing music on stage .
a man in a forest .
a group of men playing drums .
a biker in a forest .
a child in the snow .
a man holding a card .
two men cooking .
a group of people in a kitchen .
two men are looking at something .
two men are preparing food .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
a man stands on a cliff .
a couple walking .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down a busy street .
people are standing in front of a building .
two people hugging each other .
a man in a blue shirt is running on a soccer field .
three men playing rugby .
two rugby players are running in a field .
two men playing football .
two boys riding on a road .
two boys ride a bike .
two boys are riding on a bike .
a young girl in a playground .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
a group of girls playing volleyball on the beach .
a group of girls wearing uniforms .
a little girl is eating .
an old woman is walking down the street holding a large red balloon .
a woman is carrying a bag .
a woman carrying a bag .
a woman carrying a bag .
a man holding his arm .
two little boys play outside .
two children are playing in the grass .
two boys playing in a park .
a child is playing with a soccer ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at a toy .
a child watches a child .
a group of people in a crowd .
a woman playing a game .
a boy skateboarding by a street .
a couple poses for a picture .
a busy street with many people walking by .
a couple kissing .
a couple kissing .
a couple getting married .
a teacher drawing on a board .
a girl walking next to a body of water .
a girl playing on the beach .
people walking down a street .
a band performs on stage .
a girl running on a beach .
a female tennis player hitting the ball .
a man throwing a ball .
two girls are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a gun .
two women are playing volleyball .
a boy is getting ready to take a picture .
a man is shooting a gun .
a boy shooting a gun in a shooting range .
two women playing baseball .
a group of people playing a game .
a softball player slides into home home plate .
a dog walks through the snow .
a woman in a black coat carrying a bag of goods .
a dog runs through the grass .
a teacher is working in a classroom .
a man playing a game of chess .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman is teaching a young girl .
people walking and walking down the street .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a woman is hugging her umbrella .
two women walking down the street .
a child is playing with his bike .
a man is playing soccer .
a rugby player kicks a ball while another player watches .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is attempting to catch a ball .
a boy is jumping over the street with his bike .
a boy rides a bike .
a boy rides a bike .
a man throwing a ball .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer player attempts to kick the ball .
people watching a soccer game .
soccer players are playing soccer .
soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
a woman is chasing a young boy .
a woman holding a tennis ball .
a man and a woman are running .
a woman running on a lawn .
a woman is chasing a young boy .
a group of young people sitting around a laptop .
a group of people looking at a screen screen .
two children are looking at a computer screen .
a group of children sitting at a computer .
a group of young children sitting at a desk .
a girl on a beach .
a man is walking and talking on the phone at the same time .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man is walking with a cellphone .
a group of women are standing in front of a stage .
people are smiling .
a child rides a bike .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a man looking at food .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a band plays on the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a doorway .
a person wearing a jacket .
a man in a snow covered area .
a man is standing in front of a ladder .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a child playing in a pile of leaves .
a boy in a pile of leaves .
two men grilling meat .
a boy kicking a pile of leaves .
a group of people are eating outside .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman standing outside .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
an elderly couple sitting on a bench .
people in a park .
four men are sitting at a table .
two men are sitting at a rodeo .
two chefs in a factory .
a group of men are sitting at a table at a rodeo .
two men are sitting at a table .
two men are sitting at a table .
four men are sitting at a table .
five people at a rodeo .
a group of men are sitting at a table with a bottle of beer .
a child on a swing set .
two women are playing volleyball .
construction workers working on a cement truck .
two men are working on a cement hydrant .
men working on a machine .
a girl on a swing .
a young child swinging on a swing .
a little girl wearing blue .
a man sings into a microphone .
a little girl in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a child plays with a toy .
a little girl in a blue t shirt smiles .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people sitting at tables .
a group of people are sitting outside .
people at a restaurant .
a group of people gather outside .
people enjoying a picnic .
an older man is wearing glasses .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a pipe .
an older man is sitting in a chair .
a man working in a workshop .
a man working on something .
two people are skiing in the snow .
a young man in a coat is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy holding a red bottle .
a boy playing a game .
a softball player swings the ball .
a football player in a white uniform is preparing to throw the ball .
a baseball player swings at a pitch .
four boys are swimming .
two men are playing in the water .
two boys are sitting at a table .
a group of young men playing a game .
two young men are jumping into a waterfall .
a man is shaking water .
a group of men are standing around a waterfall .
a group of men are standing around a waterfall .
two men are standing around water .
a woman and a dog outside .
a woman and a dog outside .
a girl plays with a dog .
a dog is running on a racetrack .
two people walking .
people sitting on a park bench .
people ice skating .
a couple walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a girl in a blue suit .
two young children are having fun .
people walking down a street .
people walking on a street .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of women at a convention .
a man and a girl are looking at a dish .
two women giving a presentation .
a group of women listening to a presentation .
women sitting at a conference table .
people standing in a line .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are standing in line .
people walking through the grass .
four people walk towards a fence .
three people walk towards a building .
a group of people walking along a path .
a group of people are walking by a building .
a group of people are standing outside .
a construction worker working on a construction project .
a man is using a saw .
a man working on a construction site .
people walking down the street .
a crowd of people are shopping at an event .
a skier slides down a snowy hill .
a skier in the snow .
the snow is covered in snow .
a skier on a mountain .
people buying produce at a store .
a woman is standing in front of a table .
a woman stands in front of a table full of vegetables .
a woman is standing in front of a table .
a woman is looking at food .
a woman is standing in front of a table full of vegetables .
a little girl pulls a shovel in a wagon .
a child rides a scooter .
a woman working in a garden .
a woman is walking down the street .
a boy rides a scooter past a beach .
a man playing the drums in front of a crowd .
two men in a house .
a crowd watches a man in a suit .
a man holding a stick .
a crowd gathers in front of a crowd of people .
many people are gathered around a street .
a man doing a back flip on the beach .
a woman holds a baby while holding a baby .
three men are holding a net .
two boys are skating .
a man in a wheelchair .
a man is shoveling snow in the snow .
two boys playing outside .
two children are skating .
two boys are standing on an ice rink .
two children playing on a trampoline .
people walking down a street .
two men standing near a pile of dirt .
two men working in a garden .
a group of adults are playing in a lake .
a man and a woman are making art .
two men are talking to each other .
two people painting a building .
a surfer rides a wave .
a woman is holding a book while looking at a woman holding a book .
a church in a church .
an older man sweeping a bicycle .
an old man in an orange shirt is looking at something .
an older man cleaning something .
an old man cleaning a bicycle .
an old man sweeping a bicycle .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man watching a game .
a worker is looking at a machine .
a man is holding something in his hand .
construction workers are working together .
two young men wearing helmets .
a woman is looking at a painting .
a person is looking at a river .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a person on a sunny day .
a person is walking down the street .
a person standing outside .
a person on a mountain .
hikers walk through the snow .
a man holding a camera .
a little girl playing on the beach .
a woman is hugging a woman 's hair .
people walking down the street .
a person climbing a rocky hill .
a black and white dog is walking with a ball in its mouth .
a person is looking into the camera .
a man in a green shirt is looking through a tent .
a man in a white t shirt looking through a microscope in a wooden fence .
a man is looking at something .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a woman dancing .
two construction workers wearing green .
a crowd of people watching a performance .
two women dancing on a stage .
four women dancing on a stage .
a man is cleaning a large tree .
two boys wearing costumes .
two men dressed in black are standing in front of a building .
two men are having a conversation .
two men playing soccer .
a group of people are eating food .
two men having a discussion .
a group of people talking .
a group of people walking down the street .
two soccer players in red and red uniforms are playing soccer .
people are walking down a street .
people are walking down the street .
two men sitting on a bench .
two men are working on a patio .
a man is walking past a homeless man .
a man working on a machine .
a man is hanging out of a house .
a girl is hanging upside down on the ground .
a child in a blue shirt is smiling .
two construction workers are working on the ground .
a man and a woman are playing outside .
three people are playing in a yard .
a man and a woman are climbing cement .
a group of people are working on a project .
a man is laying on a lawn .
three people are climbing rocks .
three people are standing outside .
three people are standing outside .
two people are standing next to a trash bag next to a trash bag .
a young boy is climbing a rock .
a group of people are outside .
two women are standing next to each other .
people sitting on a bench .
four men walking down the street .
a woman poses for a picture .
a group of people playing outside .
a group of people are sitting under a tent .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a group of people taking an escalator .
people walking down the street .
people are walking up the street .
a group of people are on a hot day .
a mother and her children are sitting on a bench .
a young man jumping on a trampoline .
people are riding on an escalator .
a band performs on stage .
a street sign with a sign .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
a woman standing in front of a pizza shop .
a girl is standing outside a store .
five people are standing outside a building .
a couple attending a church .
a man walking down the street .
a woman working on a machine .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of men singing .
a choir with a sword in the background .
a choir sings into a microphone .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a group of people standing in a circle .
a choir is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people in front of an audience .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a band is standing around a podium .
an old man is walking on the grass .
an elderly man walking on a grassy field .
a woman holding a drink in her hand .
people in a restaurant .
a person wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a woman holding a camera .
two people are sitting next to a body of water .
a man in a pink striped shirt is reading a book .
people sitting on a bench .
two women on a beach .
a dog walking on the beach .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man in a kilt .
a man in a kilt is dancing .
a boy wearing a blue shirt with a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people on a mountain .
a person stands in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a striped shirt is pulling a cart .
three dogs are playing in the grass .
three dogs are standing in a field .
a man in a red coat is skiing .
a person is skiing down a mountain .
three dogs play in the snow .
a person is standing on a hill .
a man in a white shirt doing a trick .
a group of men playing soccer .
two boys playing in the grass .
a person is riding a cart .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a construction worker on a lift .
two boys playing with a toy .
two dogs play in the grass .
two children playing outside .
two children are playing tug of war .
two children are playing in a field .
two men are standing outside .
two men are sitting in chairs in a boat .
two people fishing .
a girl is eating a chicken .
two men are sitting on a boat .
in front of a man in a red shirt .
a dog chases a stick .
a runner is running .
a boy is running in a soccer game .
two teams playing soccer .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a little boy running .
a boy is playing soccer .
a boy runs through the grass .
a young boy in a green jacket is playing on a soccer field .
a child runs down the street .
a guy in a white shirt is shaving his face .
a young boy is doing a handstand on a playground .
a man is eating food .
a man is eating a snack on a computer .
a girl is playing in the grass .
people eating food .
a little girl playing with leaves .
a young boy is standing in front of a wall .
a man is performing a trick in front of a crowd .
a group of men are working on a soccer field .
a man is holding a glass of wine .
a man performs in front of a crowd .
a man with a beard is holding a tray of bread .
two people shopping in a grocery store .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a display of food .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a man and woman at a grocery store .
a group of people eating outside .
a little girl is sleeping .
a young man performing a trick on the street .
a yellow car drives through the snow .
people walking down a busy street .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave at the beach .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing in the ocean .
a street vendor is selling fruits and vegetables .
an older man is walking down the street .
a man is crossing the street .
two boys playing football .
a man driving a street corner .
a man playing a game .
two children run towards the camera .
soldiers are standing in front of a christmas tree .
a group of military personnel are standing in a ceremony .
a man playing a guitar .
a picture of a building .
a firefighter is standing next to a sign .
a man is looking through a wheel .
a man is picking up trash at work .
a man is bending over .
a man working on a machine .
an older man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a bald man singing into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man holding a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of women playing basketball .
a little boy is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child is holding hands .
a man in a white shirt is holding his face .
a man with a beard and glasses .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is doing a handstand .
a man and a woman are fixing the floor .
a couple washing the floor .
a group of people are cleaning .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a red shirt are in a kitchen .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a boy and a girl are blowing bubbles .
a young boy blowing bubbles .
children are blowing bubbles .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
a man in a blue hat is waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
people standing on the side of the street .
a crowd gathers in the street .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man and a child are playing cards at an arcade .
three women are standing around a building .
a group of people are standing next to a house .
a group of people preparing food .
a man rock climbing .
two women wearing white shirts .
a woman on a mountain .
two women climbing a rock .
two women climbing a pole .
a man is cooking something .
two dogs sled through the snow .
a man in a red apron is holding a knife .
a man in a black apron is cooking meat .
a man is taking a dish of food .
a man is preparing food on a grill .
a man with a red apron on his head .
a group of people on a hill .
a man in a black apron is preparing food in a kitchen .
a man in a red apron is cutting food in a kitchen .
a man serving food .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is holding an object in his hand .
two dogs sled through the snow .
a person is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt plays a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is singing .
a man with a beard is playing a guitar .
a man playing an accordion .
a man with a shoulder tattoo on his head is playing an accordion .
a large crowd of people in the road .
two men standing in the middle of a street .
a small tractor is digging a hole .
men standing near a construction site .
two men are standing outside .
people are walking on a street corner .
construction workers are working on the roof of a building .
men standing near a road .
a construction site in the street .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans is holding a tennis racket .
a group of teenagers are talking to each other .
a man is reading a book .
a group of teenagers talking outside .
a group of children are standing in front of a building .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people at a party .
a man and a woman are dancing at a party .
a group of young people are eating food .
a woman playing guitar on the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman playing guitar in the street .
a musician playing the accordion .
a boy throwing a ball .
a man is standing next to a booth .
a man is sweeping a city street .
a person standing on the sidewalk .
a man is throwing a baseball .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
two dogs racing on a track .
a girl is holding onto a stick .
three children are sitting at a table .
a person looking at something .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a girl is standing on a box .
two men , one in blue and one in red , are playing hockey on a field .
two hockey players compete in a hockey game .
two men are playing tug of war .
two men are playing basketball .
two men are playing soccer .
two men wearing martial arts uniforms .
two men trying to hit a ball .
two men playing soccer .
a dog runs through the grass .
two girls jogging down the street .
a person is holding a ball .
two people are standing near a lake .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a young boy playing on a swing .
a girl is pointing at a frisbee .
a child playing in the water .
a young woman is helping a little boy 's hair .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with his head .
a child is standing next to a car .
a woman is helping her child .
a surfer rides a wave on a wave .
a woman jumping rope .
a man is fixing his bicycle .
a woman laying down on the ground .
a man on a bike .
a man doing a trick on a bicycle .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
a scientist is looking down .
a man is pointing at his laptop .
a man giving a presentation .
a man is getting ready to go .
a man and a woman are standing at a desk looking at papers .
a boy is petting a deer .
people are working on a project .
two men fighting each other .
a group of women wearing coats .
two girls playing volleyball .
a child stands under an umbrella .
a group of teenagers walk down the street .
a group of teenagers walk down the street .
a group of teenagers are smiling .
a group of teenagers dressed in costumes are having fun .
a group of teenagers are at a park .
a man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
a boy is playing with a stick on a sunny day .
two men in a desert .
there are buildings in the desert .
four men in a desert .
four men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a black jacket , are watching another man in a desert .
two men working on a roof .
a hot air balloon .
a group of workers working in a desert .
people are working in the desert .
a group of men are working in the street .
four construction workers are working .
a group of women wearing colorful clothing .
a young girl is holding a bouquet of balloons .
people walking down a street .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar and smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a young man plays his guitar .
people playing instruments .
a person standing on the side of the street .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a biker on a bmx bike .
a person riding a bike .
a boy wearing a helmet .
two dogs play in the grass .
four women playing volleyball .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people running in a race .
a doctor is talking to a patient .
a doctor cuts his patient .
a doctor is giving a presentation .
a woman looking at a computer .
a woman looking at a patient .
a person is leaning against a fence .
four people walking on a bridge .
two dogs play in the snow .
a child carries a child .
a couple at a carnival .
a man in a uniform is standing outside a building .
a security guard in front of a building .
a man working on a roof .
a man is holding a baby .
a child is looking at the camera .
people walking down the street .
a woman wearing a dress .
a person carrying a water bottle .
a man pushes a cart .
a boy pushing a cart full of food .
a man walking down a city street .
a boy is pushing a cart .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on the side of a road .
a dirt biker rides through the woods .
a person hiking through the snow .
a boy is looking at a toy .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a group of dogs fighting .
a dog runs through water .
a child is looking at a train set .
five girls walking down the street .
a little boy stands next to a wall .
a boy is looking at the train .
the dog is in the air .
a little girl is making a coloring with her hand .
people are walking down the street .
a person diving into a swimming pool .
a dog and a dog in the snow .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a motorcyclist in a race .
this is a picture of a man in a blue shirt .
a person walking down the street .
a cowboy in a rodeo .
a football player in a white uniform is attempting to hit the ball .
a baseball player in a blue uniform is attempting to throw the ball .
a group of people playing basketball .
a man playing baseball .
a baseball player swings at a ball .
a person is standing outside .
people shopping for produce .
a rodeo rider at a rodeo .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people shopping at a market .
people shopping at a market .
people are looking at food .
a woman in a skirt is rolling a ball .
a woman in a black and white dress is running in a dirt field .
a woman throwing a large ball .
a woman is playing tennis .
a woman in a blue shirt is throwing a ball .
a woman throwing a ball .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
two dogs on the beach .
two children are playing in the grass .
people relaxing outside .
a man and a child are sitting outside .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of people gather around a body of water .
three children and a man are sitting next to each other .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is speaking into a microphone .
an asian man in a white shirt is standing on the street .
a man in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is walking across a large body of water .
two dogs play in the water .
a brown dog is running through the water .
a group of people at a party .
people at a market .
a woman playing a game .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man holding a camera .
construction workers are working on a building .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
construction workers building a wall .
construction workers working on a building .
a man with a guitar is playing a video game .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog walks through the snow .
a black dog walks on the sand with a rock in the background .
a dog is walking on the grass .
a man standing in a store .
a man walking down an alley .
a man carrying a pole .
a cat is looking at something .
two women looking through a window .
a man and woman dancing outside .
people walking on a bridge .
a street vendor selling goods .
a man in a park in a park .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an artist paints a painting .
a man and a woman are praying .
a group of people are sitting and talking .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on a building .
a group of people sit around a building .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a group of people .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people sitting on a building .
a group of people in an alley .
a group of men are sitting on the ground .
a man playing guitar on stage .
a man with long hair wearing a red coat is playing a guitar .
a man in a black coat and a woman in a black coat are standing in the street .
a child in red playing guitar .
a woman wearing a pink dress .
a guy is looking down .
a group of people looking at something .
two people are looking at something on the ground .
a group of people are looking at something .
a dog biting a frisbee .
a group of people are hanging out .
the dog is standing on the ground .
a yellow car is driving on a track .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a family is having fun .
a group of kids playing together .
a man in a suit stands in a street .
men walking down a street .
a group of people walking down the street .
men walking down the street .
two women walking past each other .
a couple kissing on the beach .
four teenagers are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a skateboarder looks into the distance .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding something .
the sun sets in the park .
a man is looking at a bridge at the camera .
a waterfall in a waterfall .
two people are talking to each other .
a man walking along a sidewalk .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of children are looking at the camera .
a man is listening to music .
a group of children are gathered outside .
two men are fishing in a boat .
a group of children wearing yellow shirts .
two men working on a net .
two women at a market .
a group of women are practicing a dance .
a group of children are playing music .
kids playing soccer .
two young girls play in a jungle gym .
a group of women are climbing up a fence .
a group of people are gathered in front of a stage with their hands .
a group of people are gathered outside .
two babies hugging each other .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people playing monopoly .
a kid skateboarding at a skate park .
a skateboarder does a trick .
people are skateboarding .
a woman in a blue shirt is getting ready for a picture .
a man is running in the street .
a boy sliding down a slide .
two women are sitting at a market .
a woman standing next to a man standing next to her .
children playing in a pool .
children playing in a fountain .
a man in an orange shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a man hiking through the snow .
a man is walking past mountains .
a man is walking on a rocky beach .
a person is walking down the street .
a man with a backpack walks in the snow .
a man walking on a sidewalk with a stick in his hand .
a man hiking in the snow .
a man hiking through the woods .
a man walking on a trail .
a little boy dances on a crowded street .
a man is slicing cheese .
a man is looking down .
a man in a harness climbs a rock wall .
two people taking a picture .
a person rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock .
a man climbing up a large rock face .
a group of people on a boat .
two people are walking through snow .
two men work on a tree .
two men are climbing a tree .
a man with a beard is looking at a tree .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a man riding a horse .
a man is giving a speech .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a horse .
a man on a horse .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman is upside down on a body of water .
a man surfing a wave .
a man is standing on a rock .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
two hockey players are fighting .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a woman in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a pink shirt .
a woman walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe .
two people are sitting at a restaurant .
a girl in a park .
a man sitting in front of a tree .
a person holding a camera .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing on a swing .
a blond woman is rock climbing .
a woman at a park .
a dog jumps in the water .
people are walking down the street .
a man is helping another man .
two men working on a rail .
a young man shaves his hair .
two men are fixing something .
a parade parade .
three people are holding a football .
three men are walking down the street holding a flag .
three men hold a rifle while holding a rifle .
a man is holding an american flag .
two men are holding hands .
men carrying american flags .
three men are walking down the street carrying guns .
three men holding flags .
a woman posing for a picture .
a man is looking at his cellphone while looking at his cellphone .
a young woman walking down a street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is walking down a dirt path .
three people walking through the snow .
a group of hikers walk through the snow .
a man in a diaper is laughing .
a man is posing for a picture .
a child plays with toys .
people are walking by a building .
people are waiting to cross the street .
two men playing basketball .
a group of men are playing volleyball .
two men are playing basketball .
three women are playing volleyball on the beach .
two men playing volleyball .
men playing basketball .
football players in red and white uniforms .
basketball players playing basketball .
basketball players playing basketball .
basketball players compete for the ball .
a female volleyball player in a white shirt is hitting a volleyball .
two men playing volleyball .
a boy in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing a sport .
a man playing volleyball .
two men are playing volleyball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in front of a crowd .
men playing volleyball on the beach .
two men wearing shorts .
two men playing volleyball .
two men playing volleyball .
men playing basketball in a game .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man riding a bicycle .
a young girl playing the violin .
an old man in a green shirt is using a trophy .
a man sitting against a tree .
a boy rides his bike .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a man surfing with a dog .
a woman singing on stage .
a group of girls dance in front of a banner .
a person sitting on a rock .
two women dancing on a stage .
a group of girls dance together .
a woman is riding a sled .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people on a raft .
a girl is falling into the air .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman is preparing food at a market .
children playing in the water .
a man is pushing a cart .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is pushing a cart in a cart .
an older man is playing with his eyes .
a man plays guitar with his eyes closed .
a man wearing a hat .
a man is looking at groceries .
a group of people are standing at a fair .
a young boy in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a boy in a red shirt is riding a skateboard .
a person is walking down the street .
a man skateboarding .
three football players competing in a game .
a boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a man skateboarding .
two people relaxing on a beach .
two people are standing outside .
two people are playing a game .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a boy and girl are playing outside .
two children are playing in the grass .
a boy is standing next to a girl on a beach .
a little boy is standing next to a girl .
two people are standing in the sand .
a boy and girl standing on the beach .
a boy and girl standing next to water .
a boy stands in the water .
a man working at a hotdog stand .
a man is standing on rocks .
a hiker walking on the beach .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
people standing in snow .
people are standing in the snow .
people are shopping at a yard sale .
a street vendor is walking down the street .
a group of people on the ground .
two men are cooking .
a man and a woman are walking down a hallway in a hallway .
a man is standing on a roof .
a girl in a pink dress holding a young girl .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a board .
a group of people are swimming .
a plane flies through the air .
a man is using a piece of wood .
a street performer takes a picture .
a group of people sitting outside .
a man is taking a break .
a young boy is making a face face .
a child in a blue shirt is smiling .
a boy is pushing a car .
a man in a green shirt is standing on a city street .
a boy is sitting in a car .
a man standing in the street .
a man holding a camera .
a man in a black shirt is holding a peace sign .
a young man in a black shirt is looking at something .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a girl on a playground .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people on the beach .
a man with a mohawk .
a group of people are standing together .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man with glasses is holding food .
a young man is walking down the street .
a man eating under a tree .
a person walking down the street .
a man eating food .
a man and woman are dancing .
a woman in a blue shirt is giving a presentation .
a woman in a wheelchair .
a man is walking with his fingers .
a group of children watch a group of children .
a child is sitting down .
the little girl is sitting on the curb eating candy .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a bird flies over the water .
two women walking down the street .
two people wearing sunglasses .
two people are walking on a street .
two women walking down the street .
a bird flies through the air .
a young girl talking on a cellphone .
a soccer match in a match .
a little boy in a black shirt and blue jeans is getting ready to hit a blue board .
two children playing in a house .
two children are playing in a blue bounce house in a blue house .
children playing soccer .
a little girl is reading a book on a street .
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball .
two men are sitting at a bar .
two men sitting at a cafe .
people sitting at a cafe .
people sitting outside a cafe .
four people are sitting at a cafe .
a boy in a swimming pool wearing goggles .
a little girl in a swimming pool holding a stick in a swimming pool .
a young girl poses for a picture in a pool .
a group of children playing outside .
three people standing outside .
four children are swimming in a pool .
a man with a rope .
two women talking to each other .
a girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts .
a man and a woman pose in midair .
a girl in a red shirt looks out of the subway tracks .
two men are wrestling in a wrestling match .
a band plays in a park .
two teams playing in the rain .
a girl is standing in front of a building .
three football players are tackling each other .
football players playing football .
people playing soccer .
a dog chases a dog in a field .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a brown and white dog tries to catch a frisbee .
a dog chases a dog .
two dogs running through mud .
a brown and white dog is running .
a man shaving his hair in front of a mirror .
a woman walks by a mural .
a man is walking down a brick wall .
a brick building with graffiti on it .
a man walking down the street .
two people are performing .
a bearded man is sitting on a bench .
two boys riding skateboards .
a man is reading a book .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man walking down the street .
a man is waiting to cross the subway .
a boy is jumping off of a bed .
a child is jumping in a room .
a man riding a motorcycle down a road .
a person walking down the street .
a man stands in front of a house .
a crowd of people at a festival .
people talking to each other .
a group of people are gathered together .
a child plays with a hula hoop .
a man in a blue shirt is jogging .
a woman is performing a dance .
a man grinding a piece of metal .
a young man grinding a piece of metal .
a man working on a project .
a man using a welding machine .
a man working on a piece of metal .
a man and a woman are riding horses .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man using a hammer .
a woman with glasses and glasses is reading a book .
a girl is looking through a book .
a child is reading a book .
a girl reading a book in a book .
a girl looking at a book .
a woman with brown hair is looking through a camera .
a woman is looking at a book .
a woman with brown hair is looking through a book with a book .
a woman is looking through a book .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at a book .
three boys are playing in the grass .
a woman reading a magazine .
a boy reading a book .
three boys are standing in the woods .
children playing outside .
two boys holding guns .
a man sitting at a restaurant .
a woman taking a picture .
a person sitting on a rock looking at the ground .
a person is sitting on a cliff .
a man is sitting on a rock ledge .
a woman is looking at a young woman .
a group of women are dancing .
a man is standing next to a car .
a group of people are gathered outside .
children playing in the water .
people playing in a creek .
children playing soccer .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people riding on a river .
two dogs in the snow .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man is walking down the street .
kids playing in a park .
a woman and a young girl are sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is making a purchase .
a man is looking at a dog .
a group of people looking at something .
a man taking a picture of a group of people .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a newly married couple kissing .
two boys playing soccer .
boys playing soccer in a soccer game .
children playing soccer .
two men talking to each other .
a football game with the ball in the background .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
a baseball player trying to catch a ball .
a man playing basketball .
basketball player playing basketball .
a swan flies through the air .
a young boy playing a game .
a boy is running .
a boy running in a field .
a boy is running .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a baby is holding a baby in a plastic container .
a group of people sitting in front of a river .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a crowd of people gathered outside .
a baby is crying .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman is standing in a kitchen .
two men jumping on a park bench .
two people are jumping off a picnic table with a rock wall in the background .
two men in white shirts jump in the air .
people are walking down a street .
a couple walking down the street .
two people are using a loom .
a group of people making fabric .
two people are looking at something .
a man is cooking .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking meat .
a man is cooking meat .
a man cooking meat on a grill .
a man is cooking meat .
a group of people are dancing .
a woman in a blue shirt is waving .
a woman with blond hair is holding a book .
a woman wearing a colorful headdress .
a woman with long hair is holding an umbrella .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
people walking down a street .
a boy plays with a toy .
a mountain view of a mountain .
a group of people kayaking in a lake .
a canoe in a lake .
two boats in the water .
a boat in the water .
two dogs running in a field .
a man holding a camera .
a man taking a picture of a photographer .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
a chef is posing with a magazine .
a child is looking at a gate .
a person on a sand dune .
a man is cleaning a piece of wood .
a man on a motorcycle .
a man in a blue shirt is playing golf .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man on a motorcycle .
a man playing golf .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing up .
two women standing next to a window .
a woman stands next to a window .
a woman is in a room .
a woman is sitting in a room .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a room .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a woman sitting at a table .
a man cleaning the floor .
a woman in a blue dress is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
people running in a marathon .
a man with a plate of food .
a man is playing his guitar .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man is preparing food on a grill .
a child climbing a rock .
people gather around a picnic table .
a child climbing a wall .
people are walking down a busy street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a black dog jumps into the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
two men are looking at something .
two men in black shirts are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men in a city street .
two people are smiling .
two men wearing black .
two young men are looking at something .
a man in a black shirt playing a guitar .
a family is sitting outside .
a child plays in the grass .
a man catching a frisbee .
a man is playing a carnival game .
a man catching a frisbee .
a man is walking down a street .
a man playing golf .
a man catching a frisbee in a park .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in the street .
a family enjoying a picnic .
a man playing frisbee .
a man playing a game .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is playing frisbee .
a man is walking down the street .
a man selling items on the street .
a man carries a trash bag .
a black dog swimming in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a black dog in the water .
a black dog is running through the water .
a group of men riding bicycles .
a black dog swims in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a brick wall .
a man is walking past a brick building .
a man in a blue shirt is using a garbage bag .
a smiling man is smiling .
a woman with a balloon is holding a balloon .
a clown is performing .
a crowd of people are walking .
a man with a scarf .
a woman with makeup on her face .
two children playing beach volleyball .
two children playing in the sand .
a boy and a girl are playing in the sand .
a group of men standing on a stage .
a woman is riding a horse .
children playing with sand .
a group of men are crossing a grassy field .
two girls are sitting at a table .
two girls are laughing .
two little girls with crayons .
two girls are in a coloring book .
two young girls coloring together .
two girls are smiling .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
two little girls are laughing and laughing .
two children coloring with crayons .
a child is jumping .
a man is putting on a piece of paper .
a group of girls standing in front of a crowd .
a group of girls are playing a musical instrument .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
several men are sitting on a farm .
a group of men are sitting in a field .
three men are standing in the woods .
construction workers are working outside .
three dogs on a farm .
a group of people are talking .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a truck is driving .
a truck is parked outside .
a man in a yellow shirt is working at a dock .
a truck is loading food .
people are preparing food in a restaurant .
a man in a blue shirt is making a meal .
a man is making a pizza .
a man wearing a black hat .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a man in a blue shirt and a black hat .
a man wearing a hat .
a man wearing a hat and a hat is working in a cardboard box .
two people are standing next to garbage cans .
a woman climbing a cliff .
a woman is rock climbing .
a woman climbing up a cliff .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a woman rock climbing .
a person taking pictures .
a man in a tank top stands in front of a wall .
a man taking a picture of a lake .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is fishing into the water .
a woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two women are on a stage in a room .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people riding a raft .
children playing on the beach .
two people in a boat .
a man is standing on rocks .
people are rowing a boat .
people on a raft .
three girls are playing outside .
two girls are sitting by a river .
children playing in the water .
two young girls playing in the grass .
two women sit by the water .
a surfer catches a wave .
two women are smiling .
a man working on a machine .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
an artist painting an artist .
soldiers marching with guns and flags .
a brown and white dog is standing in front of trees .
a dog runs in the middle of the woods .
a dog runs through the grass .
an artist painting a picture .
a group of people holding up their hands .
soldiers marching down a street .
a man walking down a street .
a group of men in a forest .
two men are looking at something .
three men are walking down the street .
men in orange vests are digging in the forest .
two men talking to each other .
people sitting on a bench .
a little girl is rock climbing .
two young women and a little girl are laughing .
a man in a suit and a man in a suit .
a man is sitting next to a bicycle .
an elderly man is eating .
a man in a hat sitting on a bench .
a group of children are watching a game .
a man is walking down the street .
an elderly man eats his lunch .
people are walking along a river .
a group of people on a boat .
a group of people fishing in the water .
people are watching a boat .
a boat in the water .
two men standing next to each other .
a group of men are running through the water .
a man is riding a subway on the subway .
two elderly people are walking down the street .
a group of workers in blue lab coats are cleaning a fish fish .
a man and a woman are cutting a hole in the snow .
a man working with wood .
two men working in a city .
a construction worker sitting on a ledge .
a brown dog is climbing up a tree .
a dog climbs up a tree .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog climbs up a tree .
a dog is laying on the ground .
a dog runs through the grass .
a small dog climbs a tree trunk .
a dog is standing next to a tree .
a black and white dog is standing next to a tree branch .
a dog climbs a tree trunk .
a black and white dog climbs up a tree .
a brown dog is jumping over a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man wearing a suit .
a man in a uniform is working .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a machine .
a man is sitting on a bench .
four people at a fair .
a group of young men ride a carnival ride .
a group of people at a fair .
a group of people riding bikes .
a choir is performing a song .
people ride a roller coaster .
a person walking down a street .
a cook is standing in a restaurant .
a woman painting .
a white car rides through the woods .
a girl is walking through a tunnel .
a little girl playing in the grass .
a little girl slides down a slide .
a girl on a slide .
a young girl slides down a slide .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a man is sitting at a table with a sign .
a person walking down the street .
a woman in a green shirt is pulling a tree .
two people are looking at something .
a white car drives up a hill .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man driving a car .
a man is wearing a blue hat .
a little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl in a blue shirt is throwing a water bottle .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a soccer game is being played .
soccer players playing soccer .
people watching a soccer game .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
people watching a soccer game .
a crowd watching a soccer game .
two teams playing soccer .
a man sings into a microphone .
a boy wearing a black jacket and black shorts .
a person is wrapped in a piece of paper .
a person laying down in front of a billboard .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
a man throwing a pitch .
four people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is trying to get something .
a female athlete jumping .
a woman doing a jump in front of a crowd .
a group of people in midair in midair .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a girl jumping .
a group of people are attending an event .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of people taking a picture .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of photographers taking pictures .
two men are taking pictures .
a boy is getting ready to take a picture .
a man is playing a saxophone outside .
a man taking pictures .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of teenagers are sitting on a bench .
a group of teenagers are playing together .
three teenagers are outside .
three teenagers are sitting at home .
two girls pose for a picture .
a man rides a motorcycle on the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman on a bike .
a person is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is crossing the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to cross the street .
a man in a white shirt is watching a crowd .
a group of people are performing .
people preparing food in a restaurant .
a group of people singing .
people preparing food .
three people are preparing food .
three people are sitting at a table .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt plays the guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
kids playing on a slide .
children playing outside .
a man is playing a guitar .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a person is standing on top of a mountain .
kids playing hockey .
a goalie attempts to block a goal .
a hockey player is playing hockey .
kids playing hockey .
a young boy climbing a tree .
a young boy climbing a tree .
a child climbing a tree .
a boy is rock climbing .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a woman pushing a shopping cart .
a woman pushing a shopping cart .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a woman in a coat crossing the road .
a woman walking in the snow .
a man is standing in front of a bird .
a bird flies through the air .
a bird is hanging out of a plane .
a group of children are playing in the grass .
a bird in the snow .
two guys skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a woman is pushing a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
people sitting at a desk .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bike .
a man is looking at a mural .
three people are working on a project .
two dogs play in the water .
people running in a marathon .
a man and a woman are on a horse .
two dogs in a pool .
a little boy is chewing on a piece of paper .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a boy is eating a funny face .
two dogs play in the water .
a child looking at the camera .
a child is looking at a cart .
a small child wearing a green hooded sweatshirt .
a girl in a blue shirt is standing next to a road .
a woman is bowling .
a group of people in a crowd .
a group of men are sitting at a picnic table .
a group of young children standing in a circle .
people gather outside .
two men are at the beach .
two men on a beach .
two men on a beach .
a group of adults are sitting outside .
two men are on a beach .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of children playing outside .
a little girl is jumping .
a young girl dances with a young girl in the background .
a young girl in a pink sweater is jumping in the air .
a scuba diver takes a picture .
a girl stands on a wall .
a girl is jumping over equipment .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a group of people walking on a road .
a man is taking a picture .
a man giving a speech .
a man at a sporting event .
two men in a building .
a man giving a speech .
a choir singing into a microphone .
a group of soldiers are singing .
a group of people are singing at a church .
people are listening to music .
people are singing in a church .
a man is eating .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person is sitting on a rock .
a man in a white shirt is painting a picture .
a man working on a machine .
a group of men are playing instruments .
three young boys are smiling .
a man is walking down the street .
three boys in a classroom .
children sitting at a table .
a group of boys in a classroom .
two children are looking at something .
a man skateboarding .
a woman wearing a black and white dress .
a man is walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man is walking his dog .
a man and a dog are outside .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the mountains .
a man is looking at the mountains .
a man in a black t shirt looking at the mountains .
a man looking off into the distance .
a man stands looking at the mountains .
a man is playing with his dog .
a man stands on a mountain overlooking a lake .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are singing .
three people singing into a microphone .
three people singing into a microphone .
a group of people singing .
three people are singing .
a man singing into a microphone .
three people are singing .
a group of people are gathered around a microphone .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a person on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a woman singing on stage .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a woman is fixing her head .
a woman is talking to a man .
a group of bicyclists are wearing helmets .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of police officers on motorcycles .
a man is using a mirror .
a man playing soccer in a field .
a woman is opening a present .
two people are standing near a tree .
a group of children are playing in a tree .
a man walking down the street .
two girls are leaning on a tree .
two girls are standing next to a tree .
a man waits in traffic .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a busy street .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
two men are working on a scaffold .
two men are working on a building .
two men standing on a roof .
three men are working on a building .
people working on a building .
a singer is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are playing a board game .
a woman is standing on a floor in front of a counter .
a couple posing in a fountain .
a woman playing a guitar while another man plays the guitar .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a child is standing up .
a man and a woman are in front of trees .
three people smiling at the camera .
a boy on a sled .
a child stands under a building .
a child sliding down a snow covered hill .
a child playing in the snow .
a man snowboarding on a snowboard .
a group of people sledding down a hill .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a woman walking down a street .
a woman walking .
a woman wearing a scarf .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a woman walking down the street .
two people washing dishes .
a child is playing in the snow .
two young girls wrestling in front of a crowd .
a man in a room in a room .
a construction worker working on a project .
a child running on the beach .
a little girl wearing rain boots walks by a beach .
a group of people are having fun .
two men are talking in a store .
two men standing in a store .
people in a store .
two men are shopping at a store .
two men having a drink .
a group of people are smiling .
a young man wearing a hat and a hat .
two people are walking down the street .
kids playing in the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a football player is running .
a woman carrying a purse walks down the street .
a baseball player is attempting to throw the ball .
a child plays in the yard .
a person jumps over a toy .
a woman wearing jeans and a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl on a horse .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog is jumping over a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a group of men are coming out of the water .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a group of men are standing around a table .
a group of people are pushing a boat .
a person wearing a hat .
a cowboy riding a horse .
a group of people holding hands .
people walking down the street .
a cowboy rides a bucking horse .
a man in a cowboy hat rides a horse .
a group of people working on a roof .
two construction workers look over a town .
two men are working on a project .
people are working on the ground .
two men working on a roof .
a man is looking at something .
two men are wrestling .
two construction workers working on a building .
an older man is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a wooden counter .
a man is making a face .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing in the grass .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are running .
a little girl plays with her toy .
a man and woman holding hands .
a man and woman walk in front of a store .
people walking on the sidewalk .
a couple walking by a building .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a couple holding hands .
a little boy in a red hat is watching a door .
a black and white dog in the grass .
two girls playing outside .
two women are smiling .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two women posing for a picture .
people walking down a street .
a dog runs through the grass .
two people are standing in front of cars .
two men posing for a picture .
a woman running on the street .
a woman and a woman are participating in a race .
a woman running .
a woman running a race .
a woman is running on the street .
a woman running in a marathon .
a man is running a race while spectators watch .
three boys are playing in the water .
two boys play in a field .
a group of young boys playing outside .
kids playing soccer .
three boys are shoveling snow .
a young boy is jumping on the side of his head .
a boy jumping in the air .
a boy plays in the water .
a man diving into a pool .
a baby is playing with a baby .
children playing soccer .
a crowd of people gathered around a large crowd .
a young child taking a picture .
a young child taking a picture .
a boy poses for a picture .
a young boy poses for a picture .
a boy is taking a picture .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man standing in a doorway .
a man in a plaid shirt is looking at a door .
a man is throwing a football .
a man is standing in a doorway .
a man is working on a vehicle .
a man in a red shirt is throwing a door .
a truck drives by a truck .
a man is looking out the window .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking at the door of a door .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking out the window .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a black coat is walking .
a woman in a brown coat is walking down the street .
a boy and girl are playing outside .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog in a field .
a dog in the grass .
a baby in a blue shirt is crying .
a man with a beard is playing an instrument .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two people at a museum .
two people are standing in front of a sign .
a girl is sitting on a bicycle .
a girl riding a bike .
a girl rides a bike .
a girl is riding her bike .
a girl is riding a bike .
a woman walking down a path .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman riding a bicycle .
a person riding a bike .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a woman riding a bicycle .
a person riding a bike .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with a red shirt is playing a saxophone .
two men are performing a concert .
a band plays in the street .
a group of people playing instruments .
a person surfing a wave .
a child is playing with a toy .
two people at the beach .
a child is giving a speech .
a hiker walks in the snow .
a group of people giving a speech .
a group of people at a conference .
a group of people waiting at a table at night .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a man taking a break .
a police officer stands next to a police officer .
a group of men in white uniforms stand in front of a firetruck .
a group of men are standing together .
a group of men are standing together .
three women are looking at food .
a man holding a sign .
two women are selling vegetables .
a policeman stands in front of a sign .
a man holding a sign .
two people selling fruit .
children having fun .
two girls in red shirts are standing in front of a wall .
two men walking with two dogs .
two men practicing martial arts .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is playing tennis .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a tennis player on a court .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
a person is running in a marathon .
a boy is playing in the grass .
a child is playing with a bat .
a boy playing baseball .
a boy playing on the street .
a man poses in front of a crowd .
a police officer is waiting to cross the street .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of men dressed in blue and white outfits are waving .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd full of people in a parade .
a man is standing on the street .
a young man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man is walking down the street .
a man throwing a football .
two boys are looking at tents .
a large group of people are standing in front of a sign .
a bride is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a small dog chases a cow .
a group of people talking .
a brown dog is biting a cow .
a woman in a wedding dress .
people running a race .
two men running in a race .
a group of people running in a marathon .
people running in a marathon .
people racing on a track .
a young girl poses outside .
people competing in a race .
two young ladies having drinks .
a woman eating ice cream .
a little boy is holding a toy .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man on a surfboard holding a stick .
two surfers wave a wave .
a man is surfing on a surfboard .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on his face .
a girl is jumping .
a child holding a shovel .
a child is wearing a red backpack .
a child is carrying something .
a child is playing with toys .
two women wearing black shorts .
a man and a woman are dancing in a crowd .
a woman and a woman are laughing .
two people hugging each other .
two people hugging at an event .
two women hugging each other .
a man and a woman are laughing .
two girls walking through town .
asian girls walking down the street .
a man in a vest is working on a machine .
people standing on a wall .
three people pose for a picture .
people standing in front of a large building .
people are climbing a rock .
a band performing on stage .
a group of people are performing on stage .
two women are buying bread .
two women are standing in front of a building .
a woman is shopping .
a woman is holding her purse in her hand .
an elderly woman is taking a picture of a woman in a white dress .
a group of people are performing a concert .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a group of people singing on stage .
a man sweeping trash .
a woman jumping with a bike .
a person in a white shirt and pink pants .
a man in a reflective vest is pulling a road .
a man jumps his bike .
a man on a sidewalk .
a man is driving a bicycle .
a woman stands on a cliff .
two dogs are fighting .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men are sitting on a school bus .
two men in a classroom with a school bus .
a man is sitting on top of a school project .
two men sitting on a bus .
a man is walking down the aisle of a school bus .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men are riding a bus .
two men are sitting on a bus .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bus .
a man in a uniform standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people in a martial arts class .
two men are sitting on a bus .
a man is sitting on a bus while another man sits on top of a bus .
a man is standing in a school bus .
two people are working at work .
the bus is full of passengers .
two men are working on a bus .
a man in a white shirt is standing on the roof of a school bus .
a couple sitting on a bus .
people looking at a bus .
a group of men are driving a race .
a group of police officers on motorcycles .
a group of people riding bikes .
police officers on motorcycles .
five police officers on motorcycles on a city street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a black jacket is pulling a black jacket .
a woman walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman is crossing the street .
a woman is standing next to ice cream .
a man is walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog carrying a white and white dog .
a brown and white dog is walking by .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a man in a black shirt is looking at the camera .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a child running .
a little boy is wearing a hat .
a child is walking down a street .
a person is jumping up into the air .
a boy is jumping into the water .
a couple performing on stage .
a man and a woman on stage .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a singer is performing on stage .
a band performing on stage .
a man is preparing to fix his equipment .
a man using a chainsaw .
a man cutting wood .
a man cutting wood .
a man using a saw .
a boat in the water .
a person on a river .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
there is a person in the middle of the water .
a kayaker paddles a wave .
a woman in a blue shirt is skating .
teenagers posing for a picture .
a woman holding a young child .
a woman is standing on a cliff .
a person on a bucking bronco .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman stands on a cliff .
a woman on a bucking bronco .
a man working on a computer screen .
a small child and a toddler in a stroller .
two women holding a small child .
a man throwing water .
a boy is throwing water .
a person is running in a fountain .
a man pouring water from a bucket into a bucket .
a young boy in a blue shirt is holding a bucket in front of a large fountain .
two dogs jumping into the water .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
two people jump into the water .
two scuba divers are swimming .
a man playing a guitar .
two women standing next to each other .
two women are dancing on a stage .
three people are performing on stage .
two girls are playing in the sand .
four girls are sitting on a bench .
two girls are sitting in the sand .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a woman looking at something .
a group of people are having drinks .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs running .
two dogs running .
two dogs running on the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a man and a little girl are walking together .
two dogs run through the grass .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is walking through the street .
a man wearing glasses is walking down the street .
a man is standing on a street corner .
an elderly woman walking down the street .
a person walking .
a group of people enjoying themselves on a sunny day .
a man playing a guitar .
two men standing next to a large building .
a man in a red hat stands outside .
young girls working on a project .
a band performs on stage .
a boy holding a camera and taking a picture .
a child is playing soccer .
two dogs play in a field .
a girl on a rock .
a girl doing a handstand .
a woman rock climbing .
a woman climbing a rock .
rock climber rock climbing .
a band performs in a theater .
a man and woman are standing together .
two girls are looking at each other .
a young boy performing a trick .
a woman with black hair is sitting on a stage .
a woman standing outside .
a group of people standing next to each other .
a girl stands next to a store .
a teenage boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans .
a girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl is sitting on a couch .
a woman stands in front of a crowd .
a woman looking at a book .
a woman is brushing her face .
a woman is pouring something into a microscope .
baseball player playing baseball .
a baseball player is about to hit the ball .
a baseball player swings at a baseball game .
two young women doing tricks on a skateboard .
a baseball player about to hit a ball .
a woman wearing a black bikini .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman with her arms raised in the air .
two men are shoveling snow .
two men are standing on ice .
a family is walking on a lake .
a bartender is pouring a drink .
people are gathered around a tent .
a man is watching a show .
a football game with a football game .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a young child jumping .
three women dancing .
a man is playing a guitar .
two women dancing .
a musician performs on stage .
a chef is making a pizza .
a man painting a wall .
a boy is standing in front of a pile of leaves .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
a man in a swimming pool in a pool .
a man is taking a nap .
a man is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a man is looking at a motorcycle .
two men stand outside of a store .
a man is sitting next to a motorcycle .
two dogs in the snow .
a person in a red shirt is standing on a rock .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a group of women in costumes are standing by a building .
a boy eating a meal .
a man skateboarding .
a man in a green tank top is looking at the camera .
a small child climbing a rock .
a little girl in a pink jacket climbs a rock .
a small child on a swing .
women wearing costumes .
two people preparing food at a restaurant .
two children are chasing a yellow dog .
two men in a kitchen .
a young child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy is vacuuming a bowl .
two men on a ski lift .
a young man and a young boy are mixing something in a bowl .
a man is cooking with a knife .
a child leans on a counter .
a child in a blue shirt and jeans is using a book .
two men looking at the camera in the middle of the road .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a pink sweater is jumping into a microphone .
a woman doing laundry .
a man on a motorcycle .
a woman walking down the street .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a person is performing on stage .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man in a tank top looking at the camera .
a group of cyclists race .
two men are sitting at a table .
people riding bikes on a line .
people waiting for a race .
two men are talking to each other .
a boy is holding a stick .
a dog jumping in the water .
a man and woman are sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is looking through a camera in front of a mountain .
a brown and white dog jumping across a stream .
a dog leaps into the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people at a bar .
two girls are laughing .
two dogs play in a field .
three men are crossing a walkway .
an asian woman is cleaning snow .
children walking down the street in the middle of a street .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people sitting on benches .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple kissing .
a woman standing outside .
two women looking at each other .
children playing outside .
two women are walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a sign .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses stands next to a road .
a woman walking down the street .
a man on a concrete block .
a brown dog is standing on the grass .
a woman walking .
a woman walking .
a woman walking .
a woman walking .
a man and a child walk on the street .
a woman walking down the street .
people waiting at a bus stop .
a man taking a picture .
people performing on stage .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in a crowd .
a small child is eating ice cream cones .
children playing on a swing set .
a kayaker kayaking through a river .
a woman is walking down the street .
four young children pose for a picture .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing under a tree .
a group of children are having fun .
a man taking a picture .
a little girl with her mouth open .
people in a skate park .
two people are working on a project .
two people are working with wood .
two men working with wood .
two people working on a project .
a group of people working together .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people are sitting next to a woman with a stroller .
a woman and a child are walking down a street .
two people are sitting in front of a group of bicycles .
two men working on wood .
a woman holding wood .
a woman is working on a piece of wood .
a person holding a camera .
people are working on a project .
two men are working on a log .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is dancing .
a group of people picking trash .
a woman and a man dancing .
a man walking down the street .
an elderly man is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is holding a camera .
a girl holding a camera .
a small child looking through a camera .
a little girl holding a camera .
a little girl holding a camera .
a girl looking through a camera .
a young man is putting something into his mouth .
a young boy is eating .
a teenage boy is sitting in a chair .
a young boy in a blue shirt is jumping on his finger .
a little boy is looking at the camera .
a street performer wearing a hat .
a man is looking at something .
a gymnast performs on a balance beam .
a gymnast performs a trick .
a gymnast in a red outfit is doing a flip .
a gymnast performs a trick on a balance beam .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
people are walking down the street .
a gymnast balances on a balance beam .
a young man is playing a guitar .
a man playing the drums .
an asian man playing an instrument .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is laughing and laughing .
a man is playing guitar .
a group of cheerleaders are performing a routine .
a group of people are looking at something .
a dog chases a ball .
a little girl in a white shirt is standing in the middle of a street .
a child sliding down a slide .
a group of people are standing on the sidewalk .
a young asian girl is running down a brick street .
a group of people playing soccer .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
the dog is walking on the dirt road .
a skier in the snow .
people walking down the street .
women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
people hiking through the snow .
three women walking .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a woman is hugging a puppy .
a little girl is playing with a little girl .
a little girl plays with a dog .
a dog is trying to get a treat .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl is playing with her dog .
a little boy and a little girl are running on the grass .
a young woman is looking at a dog .
a girl in a white shirt is looking at a dog .
two girls running in the surf .
two girls are chasing each other .
two young girls getting ready to jump into the water .
two girls are running through a lake .
two girls are chasing pigeons .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man is standing in front of railroad tracks .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
person standing on train tracks .
a person on a train .
a group of people dancing .
two motorcyclists racing on a track .
a race car with two people in the background .
a woman sitting at a microphone .
two people in a car .
a group of people dancing .
a snowy mountain in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man in a hole in a hole .
a large pile of items .
a man walking in front of a hotel .
a child is playing in the water .
a group of people riding bikes .
a child is playing in the snow .
a boy stands next to a boat .
a swimming pool in a pool .
a small child on the beach .
a football player playing football .
a man stands in the water .
a group of people are laying on the grass in the grass .
a child stands in the water .
a jockey on a horse .
a football player is tackling another player .
a football player tries to tackle another player .
hikers on a path .
two women posing for a picture in the background .
a dog swims in the water .
a young man in a black shirt jumping .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a woman is posing for a picture at a picnic table .
a woman sitting on a stone bench .
an asian man in an asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian asian
a woman walking down the street .
people are sitting at a table .
a woman posing for a picture .
two basketball players playing basketball .
two men walking on the beach .
a group of people crossing the street .
two men in bathing suits are splashing in the water .
two men in swim trunks are swimming .
two elderly men are sitting on the beach .
a man surfing in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a white shirt doing a trick .
a man in a swimming pool .
this is a picture of a hot air car .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man rides a board .
a man eating in a restaurant .
a person walking down the street .
a man and a woman are working on the ground .
two people are walking down the street .
three people painting a door .
a man in a gray shirt is painting a large door .
three people are standing outside .
the man is sitting on the back of a car .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a group of men are singing .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog with its mouth open .
a dog is running through the snow .
two men competing in a competition .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man reading a newspaper .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a child is sitting at a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a small child is standing next to a blue table .
a child holding a child 's hand .
a little boy is crying .
a child wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans .
people are walking through the snow .
two dogs are playing with their dogs .
a woman is sleeping in a park .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
the man in the white hat is sitting on the ground .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man on stage with a guitar on stage .
a man playing a guitar .
a person stands on a rock .
a group of players are playing soccer .
two soccer teams are on the grass .
two people are walking down the street .
two teams are playing soccer .
a woman is walking down the street .
soccer players are playing soccer .
two children wearing costumes .
a church in a church .
a man walking down the street .
an artist is painting an art shop .
a man walking past a building .
a person wearing a hat .
a man is sitting on a balcony .
a man is standing next to a building .
a man is sitting on scaffolding .
a group of people dressed in black and white dresses .
a woman is using a vacuum cleaner in front of people .
a man on a boat .
a man and a woman are watching another man .
a girl performing a dance .
a large theater at night .
a man playing a guitar .
a baby is crying .
a group of people gathered around a market .
a group of people smiling .
a baby is brushing her teeth with her fingers up .
a woman is laying down .
a baby licks her nose .
a baby is holding a baby .
a man in a white shirt is brushing her teeth .
a child wearing a red shirt .
a girl is hanging upside down on the ground .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a person is taking a break from the ground .
a girl is jumping on a trampoline .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog stands in front of a tree .
a man walking by a theater .
people in a room .
two men are having a drink .
a group of people sitting around a laptop .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of people sit around a table in front of a blue chair .
a group of people sitting around a computer .
a group of people watching a laptop .
a group of people sitting at a table looking at something .
a group of people in business attire .
a group of construction workers are sitting in a circle .
a group of people are sitting in a circle in front of a computer .
people looking at a computer screen .
people sitting on a bench .
people listening to a computer .
a construction worker drilling a hole .
a man in a black jacket is doing a trick .
a man working in a construction site .
a worker in a hard hat is working on the roof of a building .
two women walking down the street .
a man working in the street .
three friends sitting on a park bench .
a girl drawing a portrait .
a little girl is coloring with crayons .
a young girl is opening a yellow apple .
a child is working on an art project .
a girl reading a book .
a football player in a blue uniform kicks a football .
a group of young men in a soccer match .
two martial artists compete in front of a group of people .
a group of men in white suits .
two men competing in martial arts .
two men are sitting at a table .
two men are holding guns .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a scuba diver wearing a mask and gloves is cutting something .
a woman is wearing a lab coat .
two men , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are performing a trick .
a woman standing outside a building .
a woman stands in front of a store .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman standing in front of a store .
a woman standing outside a store .
a group of people are swimming .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman standing outside a store .
a woman standing outside a store .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman standing in front of a store .
a woman standing in front of a store .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a door .
a little girl is sitting at an aquarium .
a boy swims underwater .
a girl in a green swimsuit is swimming underwater .
a child playing in the water .
a child swimming underwater with his arms .
a child in a swimming pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
a child swimming underwater .
a man on top of a high board .
a child wearing goggles .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man waits for a train .
a man riding a bike .
a man is standing with his bags .
a man wearing a black shirt is standing at an airport .
a man is standing in a line .
a girl dancing .
a woman is ice skating .
a woman stands on a lake .
a woman is skating .
a skater poses for a picture .
two teams playing soccer .
a group of musicians perform at a concert .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of men playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
two musicians are playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments and singing .
a band is listening to music .
an orchestra performs at an alley .
a woman and a young boy are making a funny face .
a man is holding something .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing tennis .
a construction worker is working on a project .
a man doing a trick .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a woman standing in front of a microphone .
a baby and a baby are smiling .
a child is holding birds .
a child holding a stuffed animal .
a person holding a stick .
a person is holding birds .
a group of people are standing on a subway .
a group of people are walking away from a subway station .
a man and a woman are fixing a rail .
people in a subway station .
people are riding on a subway .
a band performing on stage .
a man working on a microscope .
a group of people skiing down a slope .
two women walking down the street .
a greyhound greyhound is racing .
two boys are playing a game .
two people jump over a fence .
a greyhound is running through the track .
three people are standing outside a building .
two boys are playing in the water .
a boy in a swimming pool .
two young boys are playing in a lake .
two boys are playing soccer .
two boys play in a lake .
two boys are playing soccer .
two boys play in a lake .
two boys are standing next to water .
two young men are throwing rocks into a lake .
two boys are playing in the water in the water .
two boys , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt throwing rocks into a lake .
two boys play in a lake .
a boy is throwing rocks .
two people walking down an alley .
a skateboarder does a trick .
two people standing in an alley .
a man and a woman are walking next to each other on the beach .
two people walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
two young girls are playing a game .
two men are sitting on the grass .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of kids playing soccer .
a woman in a robe is standing on a street corner .
a boy standing on a street corner .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman standing on a street corner .
a woman crossing the street .
a woman is crossing the street with her hands .
a woman is walking across the street .
a woman is crossing the street .
a group of teenagers playing in the air .
a woman is crossing the street .
a child is taking a picture of children .
two young men are looking through a microscope .
a group of children taking a picture .
a woman is standing next to a brown dog .
three dogs jumping .
a woman wearing a black dress is walking .
two dogs jumping in the air .
two students looking through a microscope .
a group of people are talking .
people talking in the city .
people are standing around talking .
a group of people are standing in a street .
a crowd of people standing in a street .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
two men are standing behind a table .
a man getting her haircut .
a woman in a white shirt is making a funny face .
a group of people are talking .
a child jumping into the water .
a man in a pink shirt is smiling .
a man is giving a thumbs up to a woman .
a man with a statue of a statue .
a woman in a white shirt is making a funny face .
a man in a white shirt is making a funny face .
two musicians are playing instruments .
two men playing instruments outside .
marathon runners running down a track .
two men playing instruments .
a woman with a guitar is playing a guitar .
a group of people sitting at a desk .
a large group of people are gathered outside a large building .
a man in a hard hat is working on the street .
a man rides a skateboard through a park .
a black and white dog is sitting on a boat .
a group of people are carrying goods .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a group of people are sitting in a boat .
a group of men racing on a boat .
a boat in the water .
people sitting on a bench .
people are rowing on a boat .
a group of people are riding on a vehicle .
a boat in the water .
a group of people are sitting on a small boat in the water .
a group of people are sitting on the floor .
two men are sitting next to each other .
a group of people are kneeling in a field .
people fishing in a boat .
a man in a kitchen cooking .
a group of children are playing outside .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman running in the sand .
a child is playing in the snow .
a woman running .
people sitting on a bench .
two women are standing up .
a group of girls are hanging out .
a man in a white shirt is laughing .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people sitting outside .
a girl on a swing .
a person swinging on a swing .
a girl swings on a swing .
a blond girl is sitting on a swing looking at the camera .
a man climbing up a mountain with a mountain in the background .
a man is helping a young girl .
a child is helping a child .
a child is rock climbing in a wooded area .
a woman playing an electric guitar .
three women are knitting .
three women are standing near a large stone structure .
a woman throwing a little boy in a pool .
two children are fighting .
a man is standing at a table .
women playing basketball .
a woman in an orange shirt is walking by a glass window .
a person walking down the street .
a person in a red coat is riding a bike .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man using a sewing machine .
a man poses for a picture .
a man is sewing a sewing machine .
four people are playing in the grass .
a group of people playing a game .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a boy with a mohawk is walking down the street .
a person riding a dirt bike on a dirt road .
a biker is riding a bike .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a man carrying a shopping bag .
a man is preparing food in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a room .
a man in a blue cap and a white shirt is fishing on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down a street .
a man in a green shirt and yellow pants is standing in a crowd .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs in a vehicle .
a group of people looking at a cake .
a man selling fruit .
two children playing in water .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of children are playing together .
two children playing in the water .
a man is taking a photograph .
a man in an orange shirt is fixing his cellphone .
two people are carrying bags .
a man is working on a construction site .
a man working on something .
a man working at a construction site .
a man working on a ladder .
a man working on a machine .
a girl is wearing a yellow apron .
a band performs on stage .
a woman in a hat walks down the street .
a woman wearing a yellow and yellow dress .
a man on a motorcycle is looking behind him .
a woman applies makeup on the cheek .
a man points a camera .
a woman standing in a store .
people walking down the street .
a group of people working together .
people walking down a street .
a baby wearing a blanket .
a toddler is crying .
a child is crying .
a child in a car seat .
a baby is sleeping in a car .
a man and a woman are standing next to a large metal sculpture .
a man jogging in a race .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting next to a dark haired woman .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
a man and woman are smiling .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman about to throw a basketball .
a woman playing basketball .
a couple walking down the street .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two dogs play in a field .
a group of people are standing in a yard .
two men are talking to each other .
three boys are playing instruments .
two children wearing blue shirts .
two football players are tackling each other .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing in a garage .
two dogs running in the grass .
two climbers work on a mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two climbers climbing up a mountain .
four men on a snowy mountain .
four climbers are climbing up a snowy mountain .
a man is walking down the street with his arms crossed .
a woman is applying makeup on her face .
a woman playing tennis .
a group of men at a party .
a man carrying vegetables .
the brown dog is laying down on the ground .
a man sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a dog sleeping on a blanket .
a dog lying on a blanket .
a dog sleeping on a blanket .
a dog is sleeping on a blanket .
a dog sleeping on a blanket .
a dog sleeping on a blanket .
a brown and white dog in a brown shirt .
a woman walking past a store .
a person jumping into a helicopter .
a helicopter flies into the water .
a man working on railroad tracks .
men working on railroad tracks .
workers are working on railroad tracks .
a man in a vest is walking .
a construction worker is standing outside .
a construction worker is crossing the train tracks .
a construction worker walking along railroad tracks .
a group of people are holding signs .
a young boy in a blue shirt is getting a haircut .
a group of people are standing outside .
a little boy in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
two girls are having fun .
a man is looking at the camera .
a young girl is performing .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man working on a floor .
a man working on scaffolding .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a man is sitting in front of a broom .
a man is cleaning the oven .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a man sitting on the floor .
people are walking down a street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
two people pose for a picture .
people dressed in costumes .
a man is standing in a parking lot .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a brown dog is standing in the grass .
a woman is crossing the street .
two children looking at the ground .
people walking down the street .
a little girl is helping a young boy .
a little girl is standing in front of a little boy .
a child in a pink shirt is crying .
two men are walking down the street .
two people with numbers on their heads .
a climber on a mountain .
a man rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a black shirt climbing .
a man is listening to music .
a man stands in front of a wall .
a person climbing a rock wall .
a man standing in front of an american flag .
a person walking down the street .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
two women , one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a white shirt , are dancing .
a man is sitting on a porch .
two women are talking to each other .
people riding bikes .
a man surfing a wave .
a man and a woman wave a wave .
a man and a woman are on a jet ski .
two men on a jet ski .
a small boy and a young boy are on a jet ski .
two men are looking at something .
two people wearing life jackets .
a group of people playing in the water .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a surfer rides a wave .
a family is sitting outside .
a group of people are preparing for an event .
a family is enjoying the day .
a family is posing for a picture at the beach for the day .
a woman is writing .
a group of men are standing together .
a woman in a blue shirt is working on a computer .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman doing a jump .
a young woman wearing a pink shirt .
a group of people are praying .
a woman in a pink dress is singing .
people walking in a mall .
a little girl in a green jacket eats ice cream on a bench .
a rock climber on a rock .
a man getting ready to hit a ball .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man playing a sport .
a man hitting a tennis ball .
a child in a green jacket is sitting on a bench eating ice cream .
a boy runs across the street .
a little girl is eating ice cream while eating ice cream .
a man holding up a sign .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man holding a sign .
a man with a tattoo on his head .
a girl in a purple shirt is drinking a glass of wood .
a little girl in a purple shirt and blue jeans is laughing .
a girl is taking a drink .
a girl is sitting at a table .
children at a playground .
a little boy and two children are playing in a park with trees in the background .
a group of people playing soccer .
three children playing at a park .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are looking at the camera .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of people are watching a train .
a man working on a machine .
people at a train station .
a group of people sitting on a train .
people are standing on the train tracks .
a doctor performing a surgery .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a child is in a bed .
two boys are playing with guns .
a boy is playing with a telescope .
a boy plays with a girl .
a little boy in a red shirt is playing with a park .
a young boy is looking at a telescope .
a young boy plays with his dog .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a crowd of people holding signs .
the little boy is sleeping on the floor .
a boy on a cellphone .
two people are smoking a cigarette .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
a man and a woman jump off a bridge .
a man is walking through a bridge .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is jumping off a bridge while another woman watches .
a man jumping off a bridge while others watch .
a man and a young boy are jumping off a bridge .
a family is sitting outside .
a family is sitting outside .
a family is outside of a forest .
a family is sitting outside .
a man jumping off a bridge .
a man is falling into the air .
a man is walking under a bridge .
a man is jumping off of a bridge .
a man jumping off a bridge .
a man in a suit is performing a trick .
a man and a woman are jumping off a stone bridge while others watch .
a man is jumping off a bridge .
a man is walking down the street .
a man jumping off a bridge while others watch .
a man is falling through the air .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people in a stadium .
a bull rider stands next to a bull .
a group of people on a sidewalk .
two men are standing next to a horse .
a woman holding a candle .
a man working on a project .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a group of men in white uniforms .
men playing instruments in a parade .
men marching in a parade .
people walking down a street .
a man playing a game .
a woman is sleeping on a train .
a man in a green coat is looking at something .
a clown plays with a guitar .
two men are riding on a motorcycle and one of the other is riding a motorcycle .
a toddler is wearing a blue shirt .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a child sitting at a restaurant .
a child sitting in a chair .
a child in a building .
a child is sitting at a table reading a paper .
two dogs run through the grass .
a group of cyclists are walking up a hill .
a group of cyclists racing their bikes .
men competing in a race .
a referee in a competition .
a child is eating a meal .
two martial artists compete in a competition .
a man preparing food .
a man preparing food .
a man is eating a snack .
a woman doing a handstand .
a girl runs through a sprinkler .
a man is preparing food .
a young boy runs through a field .
a young lady is getting ready to hit a baseball in a game .
a girl swimming underwater .
a boat in the water .
a man in a black shirt plays an instrument .
three construction workers wearing orange vests and helmets are working on a project .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a man is listening to music .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a girl is diving into a pool .
a couple looking at pictures .
a person in a swimming pool .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man with a backpack and a woman posing for a picture .
a boy climbing a rock .
a man in a swimming pool .
three dogs in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
three men standing near a large hole .
construction workers are working .
a man walking down the street .
the brown dog is running in the grass .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a man wearing a helmet is climbing a rock face .
a dog runs through the grass .
a young child walking down a street .
a man is walking down the street .
a bride and groom are kissing .
a city street .
two men in a building .
a biker rides a bike .
a couple getting married .
a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog walks through the snow .
a dog runs through a field .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog is coming out of an obstacle course .
a black dog is running on a course .
a dog in a tent .
a white dog is running through the water .
a dog is coming out of a tent .
a white dog is biting a tent .
a white dog is standing in front of a blue tent .
a dog is coming out of a tent .
a dog is chasing a tent .
two dogs are running .
a group of people working together .
a man is climbing a large rock .
bicyclists wait at an intersection .
a group of people playing in water .
a group of people on a river .
a group of people in a raft .
a group of skiers in a canoe in a river .
a group of people are paddling on a river .
a group of people kayaking on a river .
a group of people riding a raft .
a group of people kayaking in the rapids .
a group of people are swimming .
two men standing on a path next to a building .
a street performer playing the drums .
a man is holding a microphone in a city .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a boy is looking at something .
three men are playing in a field .
a person looking through a telescope .
a boy in a green shirt standing in a green chair .
a boy in a blue shirt is running on the beach .
people waiting for a train .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man in a green shirt carrying an axe in the woods .
a man is sitting at a table with his eyes closed while sitting at a table .
a young boy is sitting in front of a store .
a group of children on a playground .
a group of children are playing outside .
a person on a dirt bike .
a person riding a bike in the air .
a man wearing a red and white striped shirt and white pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a motorcycle rider jumping off a ramp .
a white horse jumps over a fence .
two girls are sitting next to each other .
a girl in a blue shirt is climbing up a wall .
a dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth .
a woman in a blue shirt taking pictures .
a large body of water .
a woman sitting on her cellphone .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
people walking down a street .
a horse jumps over a fence .
a man standing outside a building .
a man is looking at a microphone .
a man in a purple shirt plays a guitar .
a boy is looking at something .
a man playing a guitar on a stage .
a boy in a green shirt is looking at the ducks .
a small boy looking at a display display .
people are standing in front of an airplane .
a boy in a blue uniform is running .
three people are standing around a table .
three people are cooking food .
people preparing food .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man with no shirt on .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a man smiling .
an asian woman in a blue dress is walking .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are waiting for a performance .
a woman walking down the street .
a doctor poses for a picture .
a woman wearing a white t shirt .
a man smiling .
two girls walking down the street .
two women smiling .
three men are crossing a construction site .
a dog is standing in the water .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a woman is eating dinner .
a group of people in a park .
a group of people at an event .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat .
a hiker walking in the snow .
a man with a mohawk is holding a sword .
two people are having a conversation .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a man and woman are waiting in the middle of the street .
a man rides his bike through the woods .
two girls walk on a sandy beach .
three dogs running .
a man rides his bike .
three people talking to each other .
a man is performing a trick .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a dirt bike rider is riding his bike .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a tree with trees in the background .
there are trees in the background .
a tree with trees in the background .
the trees are lined up .
a boy with a mohawk on his face .
a woman is applying mascara to a woman .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black dog is chasing a ball in the snow .
a black and white dog is running in the snow with an orange ball .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men are standing together .
two men standing on the street .
a group of people talking to each other .
a man wearing a tie .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman is looking at something in the distance .
a woman holding a sign in her hand holding a sign .
a man with two dogs .
a snowboarder jumps .
a man is doing a handstand .
a woman climbing a ladder .
a woman is taking a painting .
a woman hangs painting a ceiling .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a woman paints a ceiling .
a girl on a ladder painting a wall .
a woman stands on a ladder on a ladder .
a woman is painting a picture .
an old man with glasses and a beard is making something .
two men are conversing .
two women painting a wall .
two men are cooking food .
two women posing for a picture .
two people pose for the camera .
two women dressed in black and white costumes .
two women posing for a picture .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of cyclists competing in a race .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat .
two women are sitting behind each other .
three women are working on computers in an office .
three men are standing near a wall .
a group of people sitting against a building .
three asian men are sitting on a bench .
three men are taking a break from a boat .
two men are sitting on a sidewalk .
people posing for a picture .
football players are tackling each other .
football players playing football .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
a young woman dressed in traditional garb dances in a parade .
a group of young adults at a park .
a baseball player trying to hit the ball .
a girl is looking at something .
three young girls playing with a little girl .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans is skiing .
soccer players standing in a field .
a group of people standing on a field .
soccer players on a field .
soccer players playing soccer .
soccer players are playing soccer .
two men wearing hard hats are working .
two women talking to each other .
an elderly woman is standing up .
two women are kissing .
two women , one wearing black and one wearing black and the other wearing a black shirt .
a lady walking down the street .
a group of men are walking by a blue car .
a child is sitting on a bed reading a book .
two boys running .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing at night .
workers working on a project .
two boys are running down a dirt road .
a construction crew working on scaffolding .
people are digging in the city .
a woman and a child are standing in a room .
a woman and a child look at something in a mirror .
a woman is looking at a mirror in a mirror .
a woman and a child are looking at each other .
a woman is looking at something .
a lady is looking at a mirror .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a little girl in a yellow shirt is holding a child in a yellow shirt .
a woman is looking into a mirror while looking into a mirror .
a little girl is looking at a mirror .
a young blond girl with a yellow shirt and blue jeans is looking at a mirror with a woman behind her .
a woman and a child look at each other .
a child in a yellow shirt is looking into a mirror .
a woman in a yellow shirt is standing next to a little girl .
a little girl dressed in a costume .
a girl and a girl look at something .
a little girl poses in a tree .
a woman watches a young girl .
two children are ice skating .
a man taking a picture .
a little girl is sitting in a tree .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man is holding a piece of equipment .
a man taking a picture .
three people are posing for a picture .
a man walking through a courtyard .
a man walks along an old building .
a man is standing next to a building .
a man is looking at an old building .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a man is walking by a building .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a parking garage .
a man is standing in a building .
a man standing in front of an elevator .
a man in a tie is singing into a microphone .
a couple dancing at a beach .
a couple enjoying a dance .
a couple dances on a dance floor .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man and woman dressed in black and white dresses .
three people are playing instruments .
a crowd gathers at an event .
a crowd watching a sports game .
people gathered around a table .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people watching an event .
a man speaking to a group of people .
a man reading a newspaper outside .
a group of people in a meeting .
two men are taking a picture of each other .
a group of people in a meeting .
a group of men and women at a meeting .
a group of people sitting in chairs .
two elderly women are waiting for something .
a man and a woman jump rope .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a bicyclist rides his bike down the street .
a man is sitting next to a car .
a man in a white shirt and black shorts is standing next to a van .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a man reading a book .
a woman is looking through a book while others look on .
a blond woman in a blue shirt is smiling while smiling and smiling .
two women smiling .
a blond haired woman is holding a book .
two people are sitting in a library .
a woman reading a book in a library .
a girl in a white shirt and white pants is smiling .
two women in a library .
a woman and a girl are laughing in a library .
three women are sitting in a library .
a man is helping another man .
a woman in a library in a library .
two people are working on a project .
people are sitting in a library .
a group of people are sitting in a library .
a class of students sitting in a classroom .
a woman is looking at a baby .
two basketball players on the court .
a basketball player playing basketball .
a girl is running .
a girl playing basketball .
children playing soccer .
a man listening to headphones .
a man with headphones and headphones .
a dj with headphones is sitting at a computer .
a band playing on stage .
two race cars are racing .
four women are playing on a beach .
two men are sitting on a computer .
a group of people at a beach .
four girls are playing volleyball .
a man is helping another man .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a man surfing on a surfboard .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a man is walking down the street .
a man surfing a wave .
people sitting by a body of water .
a man in a suit .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man with a guitar stands in front of a pink background .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man standing in front of a microphone .
two children are playing in the grass .
a group of people on a beach .
a musician performs on stage .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
three men walking down a street .
a woman smiling .
a man pushing a bicycle .
children playing on a street .
a child looking at a dog .
a man is riding a boat .
a group of people in a foreign country .
a man walking down the street .
a child runs through a fountain .
a woman is reading a book while reading a book .
a child crying .
a boy is crying .
a child is crying next to a ride .
a child is crying .
an older man riding a bicycle .
a man sleeps outside a store .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a boy is holding a shovel .
two men are standing next to each other .
a worker welding a pipe .
a man is welding .
a man is using a yellow car .
a man working on a piece of metal .
a man riding a horse .
a man is fixing a car .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a basketball .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people playing in water .
a woman rides a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man wearing glasses is sitting next to a road .
a young man is sitting on a rock .
a person is sitting on the curb .
a man is sitting on a curb .
a young man is sitting on the street .
a young man is sitting on a curb .
a man in a white shirt sitting on the ground .
basketball players trying to block the ball .
a woman stands in front of a crowd of people .
a person with sunglasses on .
a dog is standing in a kitchen looking at the camera .
an old man rides a bike .
a person skiing through the water .
a large building in the city .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing next to a woman wearing a yellow dress .
a woman is in a crowd .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
two construction workers are standing by a construction site .
two children are looking at something .
two small construction workers in a construction site .
two construction workers stand near a construction site .
two children are looking at something .
a group of people are walking .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman with long hair is walking .
a woman in a white shirt stands behind a group of people .
two women are looking at a food vendor .
tourists taking pictures of tourists .
a man relaxing on a couch .
people eating in a mall .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
a man in a green shirt is carrying a plastic bag .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a hula hoop .
two women are carrying bags .
men playing basketball .
a man and a woman are laughing .
performers performing on the street .
a dog is trying to catch a stick .
two dogs play in the snow .
three men are holding a stick in its mouth .
three dogs are playing tug of war .
a man painting a building .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is standing next to a counter .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a person washing dishes .
two people are sitting on rocks .
a person is cleaning something .
a family enjoying a picnic .
a man is walking down the street .
a man looking through a microscope .
a man cutting a microscope .
a man is looking at a glass of wood .
a man is looking at something .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a young boy is looking at a microscope .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a person looking at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is shaving a mirror .
a man shaving his head .
a man shaving his head .
a man is looking through a mirror .
families enjoying a picnic park .
a man is looking at a microscope .
soccer players playing soccer .
a soccer team is playing soccer .
a man with a backpack is walking along a street .
a woman and a child are shopping .
men playing soccer .
a man shaving his head .
people dancing in a parade .
a man sitting on a bench .
people selling jewelry .
a man and a young boy are standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something while another woman looks on .
two women are looking at a man .
a woman and a woman look at something .
people are eating .
two people eating at a restaurant .
a man and a baby sitting on a blanket .
a man eating a sandwich next to a baby .
a man is eating .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
two people playing instruments .
two people are performing .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
two people playing instruments .
two people are dancing .
a person wearing a backpack is crossing a stream in a stream .
a hiker walks through a river .
a man is jumping into water .
a boy jumping in the air .
a boy is walking through a fountain .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in front of a house .
a man jumping into the air .
people walking down the street .
people are sitting at tables .
a black and white dog jumps over a street .
a snowboarder in midair .
a person is walking through snow .
a man sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a lady walking down the street .
two men are standing outside .
two women having drinks in the city .
three women are standing outside .
two women are walking down the street .
women walking down the street .
two women talking on the sidewalk .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a woman in a green shirt is talking to her friend .
a biker doing a trick .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a group of women are talking to each other while a man talks on his cellphone .
a man is walking down the street .
a person wearing a baseball cap .
a group of men standing at a podium .
a group of soldiers holding guns .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building .
a couple watching a fire .
a couple is kissing .
two people are standing in front of a building .
two people are watching a fire .
a plane is looking at a plane .
people waiting at a fair .
a man is sitting on a chair .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table in front of a group of people .
a person wearing a yellow shirt and yellow pants .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people standing around a table .
a pilot wearing a helmet .
a street vendor selling his wares .
a man working on a ladder .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a fruit stand in front of a fruit stand .
a woman standing under a hut .
a woman in a hut .
a man is using a hammer .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man wearing a baseball cap .
a young boy is standing in the yard .
a boy playing in the ocean .
children dressed in costumes .
an elderly woman is sitting outside drinking a drink .
a woman is giving a presentation .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a man cleaning something .
a woman holding up a sign .
a blond girl in a black shirt with a brown shirt .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
a young girl is brushing her teeth .
a boy doing a back flip .
a soccer player trying to catch a ball .
a woman playing tennis .
a softball player tries to hit the ball .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman playing softball .
a woman walking down the street .
a girl playing softball .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a child looking through binoculars .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
a man in a black shirt holding a microphone .
a man wearing a hat .
a little boy plays with toys .
a man with a birthday cake is holding a birthday cake .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a group of people reading a book in a dimly lit room .
people are reading .
people are reading books .
people reading books .
a woman is riding her bike .
a group of people are reading a book .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a woman pushing a cart .
three asian women are crossing the street .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
people walking down the street .
a little girl is holding her fingers .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a person in a forest .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a girl is making a funny face .
boys at a party .
a woman at a beach .
a man is looking at something .
a man climbing a mountain .
people shopping at a market .
a man is laying in a bed .
a busy street full of people .
a man opening something .
a man is walking down the street .
firefighters are spraying water out of a fire .
a group of people riding bikes .
a person sitting on a bench .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
a child stands in the water .
people riding bikes .
people walking down the street .
a man selling food .
a brown haired woman with brown hair .
a group of students in a classroom .
a child is riding a skateboard .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman standing in a garden .
a group of people sitting on benches outside .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a person is walking down the street .
a person sitting on stairs .
a man skateboarding on a staircase .
a person is riding a bike .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants .
two people wearing black .
a group of women in dresses .
a man is looking at a woman .
a group of teenagers are having fun .
people walking down the street .
people are walking at night at night .
a busy street .
a busy city street in a city .
a busy city street in the city .
the sun sets in the city .
two people walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
a child in a red shirt is sitting on a red blanket .
two people walking at night .
a man with a beard is holding a coffee cup .
people are walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
an elderly man is reading a book .
four people are standing around a campfire .
a man is walking down the street .
a child jumps off the edge of a pool .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a man jumps in a pool .
a child playing with a toy .
a man reading a newspaper .
a young boy is sitting in a room .
a dog is walking through the snow .
a group of people on the beach .
a cowboy is wearing a cowboy hat .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a young boy is standing outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man holding a sign .
a group of people are looking at something .
a young boy opening christmas presents .
a boy in pajamas smiles .
a child is opening a present .
a young boy opening christmas presents .
a boy is opening a present .
a little boy is standing in front of an art museum .
two cowboys at a rodeo .
two dogs are playing together .
a child is playing with a model train train .
two dogs fighting .
a man taking a picture .
a boy is sitting in a chair .
a duck runs past a pond .
two people are sitting against a wall .
a boy playing in water .
a man in a red shirt is holding a woman .
two people talking in the sidewalk .
two boys are walking down the street .
two people are talking .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people watching a rodeo .
a football player runs towards base .
four men are on a platform .
a group of cowboys riding horses .
a little girl playing with a duck .
a girl stands next to a body of water .
a group of hikers walk along a red path .
people walking down the street .
a man is standing outside of a store .
a person pushing a cart with a cart in the background .
a crowd of people on the street .
a man at a bar .
a street performer walks down the street .
two men are talking to each other .
a police officer is riding a horse .
jockeys riding horses .
two horses are running .
people eating a meal .
a group of friends eating .
a family enjoying dinner .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to catch a ball .
a man on a street .
a man is holding an american flag .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man in a black shirt is jumping on a black shirt .
a man in a straw hat looking at pictures .
two young children are swimming .
two children playing with water .
an asian man rides his bike through town .
a group of people on a river .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a group of people on rollerskater .
a group of students working on a project .
a group of people are working on a project .
a group of people are working together .
a man waving a flag .
a man is performing a trick in front of a crowd .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people are cheering .
group of young men in blue shirts are doing a routine .
a young male gymnast is performing a routine on a balance beam .
two girls playing in a house .
two girls playing in a house .
two young girls playing at night .
two children are laughing and laughing and laughing .
two children in a kitchen .
a skier jumping off a ramp .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a child on a horse .
a man skiing down a hill .
a child on a horse .
a skier flies through the air .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a child holding a cat .
two people are standing in front of plants .
a person is jumping off a cliff .
a man wearing a cap .
a person is walking down the street .
a person wearing a backpack is skiing .
a man stands next to a mountain .
a woman is leaning against a fence looking at the snow .
a person stands in front of a mountain .
a group of people sitting at a picnic table .
a woman stands near a fence .
a man is walking down the street .
a man looking off a cliff .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a man in a black shirt looking over a cliff .
a man is looking over a large cliff .
a man fishing in a boat .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a celebration .
a man rides a bike .
a child swings on a swing .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man rides a horse .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
two men boxing in a boxing match .
two men boxing each other .
two men wearing shorts .
a child rides a swing .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is sitting next to a pool .
a man is taking a picture with a camera .
a group of medical personnel .
two men in a boat .
a teenage boy doing a skateboard trick .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is holding an object .
a young boy is holding something in his hand .
a boy is looking at his face .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a toothbrush .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a young boy is using a hammer .
a boy plays with a mop .
a young boy plays with a mop .
a child holding a gun .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a child is holding a mallet .
a child is holding a hammer .
a little girl wearing a pink dress .
a little girl is upside down .
a girl on a trampoline .
a girl on a trampoline .
a girl doing gymnastics on a trampoline .
a young child is walking on a trampoline .
a child in a blue shirt is at a park .
a man stands next to a car looking at something .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman in a blue shirt is smiling .
a woman in a white shirt is making a funny face .
a woman in a red outfit is playing tennis .
a group of people eating food .
a man is cooking food .
a group of people preparing food .
this is a picture of a hot air car .
this is a picture of a restaurant .
a dog is looking at something .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog runs through a field .
the brown dog is laying on the ground .
people walking down the street .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is climbing a tree .
a boy is laying on the snow .
a little boy playing in the snow .
people walking down the street .
three people sitting on a skateboard .
children playing in a park .
a group of people in a skate park .
a group of people are sitting on a skateboard .
children playing on a skateboard .
a man is taking a break .
the dog is in the snow .
there is a man in a blue shirt .
a brown and white dog is biting .
this picture is a picture of the road .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are working on a project .
this is a picture of the floor .
a black and white tiled floor .
the floor is laying on the floor .
a mountain climber stands in the snow .
two skiers in the snow .
a person is skiing down a mountain .
a snowy mountain with mountains in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the snow .
an older woman stands behind a food stand .
a woman standing behind a counter .
a woman is looking at food .
an elderly woman is standing in a grocery store .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a bride and groom are dancing .
a woman smiles .
a little girl in a pink shirt smiles .
girls swimming in water .
two children playing in the water .
a boy is standing behind a wall .
a woman and a child are being held by a child .
a woman is holding a baby in a hospital .
a blond woman holding a baby .
a boy in a room .
two men sweeping trash .
a man holding a baby .
two people smiling .
a little girl is standing next to a man .
two people are smiling .
a little girl is smiling .
two dogs run through the water .
a man sitting on a bench .
a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle in the country .
a child sits next to a woman in a store .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in a grocery store in a grocery store .
a man and a woman in a grocery store .
a father sits next to his daughter .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a shopping cart .
two women talking .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people in a river .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a basketball player is attempting to block the ball .
a basketball player is on a basketball court .
a woman is feeding a goat .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a young boy eating .
two people in a room .
a horse in a rodeo .
a little girl is looking at her luggage .
two people are skating .
three people are having a conversation .
a man in a t shirt and a man in an alley in an alley .
a group of people are walking on a busy street .
asian people walking down the street .
asian people walking down a busy street .
a young boy is jumping into a playground .
a group of people are walking .
a street vendor selling food .
two people are smiling .
a group of people are performing .
a man is crossing the street .
two people walking down the street .
a man is standing in an orange robe .
a band performs on stage .
a band playing music .
a man with an umbrella is standing behind a stone wall .
a man is performing a trick .
people are playing instruments .
people talking .
a man and a woman with a truck .
the truck is driving .
two people are talking to a truck .
three people are talking to a house .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man walking through a field .
a man is swinging a ball on a pole .
a young man standing on a field .
several young men are competing in a race .
a group of people in a park .
a little girl is playing with a young boy .
a man holding up his hands .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman is talking to a man .
two young people hold hands .
a man holding his hand .
a busy street .
two men riding motorcycles in front of a crowd .
two people on a road .
two men are walking down the street .
two men sitting on the side of a dirt road .
two men are talking on the side of a road .
two men wearing hats sit on the side of a road .
two men are walking down the street .
people waiting at a train station .
people are walking down the street .
a little boy runs through the sprinkler .
football players playing football .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man jumping into a stream .
a person diving into a pool .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man drawing a portrait .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man drawing something .
a man drawing a portrait .
a man is kneeling down and painting a face .
a street artist works on the street .
football players playing football .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a woman sledding down a snowy hill .
a motorcyclist is riding a motorcycle .
a man rides a dirt bike through the woods .
a football player in a blue uniform is running a football .
a person riding a bike .
a man working on a machine .
a man reading a newspaper .
a person riding a bike .
a man reading a book .
a man reading a book on a bench .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man in a hat is reading a book .
people dancing in the street .
a worker is using a tree .
a lady is holding a baby .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a horse .
a woman is sitting on a cement block .
a woman is sitting alone on a stone block of stone steps .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a young girl sitting on a couch .
a man is standing outside at night .
a person walking in the city .
a woman in a black jacket is walking down a street .
two women walk down the street .
a man rock climbing .
a woman walking down the street .
a man making pottery .
a man is cooking a pot .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man working with clay .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
an asian man wearing glasses is talking on a cellphone .
a man working with a saw .
a man in a white shirt with gloves on .
a man working on a fire .
a person wearing a black jacket and gloves is smoking a cigarette .
a firefighter is looking at something .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone while smoking a cigarette and smoking a cigarette .
an asian man is talking on his cellphone .
a girl swings on a swing .
a young girl is sitting on a merry go round .
a girl is sitting in a swing .
a girl on a swing .
a girl is sitting on a swing .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
a woman on a horse .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman selling produce at a market .
four men are standing around a table .
a man prepares to throw a ball .
a group of men are sitting and having a conversation .
three men are playing a game .
four men are looking at papers .
a horse is standing next to a barrel .
two men are walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a bulldozer .
police officers on motorcycles .
a person in traffic .
a man is taking a picture on his motorbike .
a man is directing traffic .
a man climbs a tree .
a man holding a pole in his hands .
a man is using a long pole in a public restaurant .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a piece of paper .
a man is reading a newspaper while reading a newspaper .
a man doing a trick .
two football players playing football .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman looking over a fence .
a referee watches a game .
football players are running .
people are standing in a field .
two men are climbing a tree .
two young men are looking at something .
two men are jumping in the air .
two men are jumping over a fence .
a group of men are jumping .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
two men are jumping on a wood log .
a group of men on a log .
two men jumping on a log .
two men taking a break .
two people laying on a log .
two men wearing backpacks .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men laying down next to each other .
two men on a log .
two men standing on top of a log .
two men jumping on a log .
two men doing a jump on a log .
two men are standing on a log .
a group of people are diving over a barrier .
a man is standing in a doorway .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a coat .
an older man poses for a picture .
an older man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting at a table with a bus in the background .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is standing outside .
a person sitting on the phone talking on the phone .
a man sitting in front of a bus .
a motorcycle racer is driving a race .
a race car drives down a racetrack .
a car drives down a racetrack .
a man driving a race car .
a car is driving .
women walking down the street .
a person in a black shirt walking .
two women crossing the street .
a group of people are on a boat .
a person is taking a picture of the water .
people are working on a busy street .
a group of people are working on a blue structure .
a group of people are working outside .
three people are working on the side of a large building .
a group of construction workers are working on a construction site .
a group of people are getting ready to jump .
men standing on a platform .
two people eating fruit .
two children playing with an umbrella .
a man rides a bike in the grass .
a child is sliding down a hill .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting next to a man in a white shirt .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of children are standing around a table .
a man is walking down the street .
children waving american flags .
children waving flags .
a group of people doing a demonstration .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man is taking a picture .
two people jump off a boat .
a man and woman jump into the water .
a man and woman are holding hands on a boat .
a man and a woman jump in the air .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man and woman jump off a boat .
a man and a woman are outside .
two people are jumping off a boat .
a man riding a bicycle down the street .
a woman is eating with a child .
a man in black rides a yellow motorcycle .
a man is riding his bike .
people are walking down the street .
a woman is giving a thumbs up .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a man is crying .
two dogs play outside .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a hallway .
a person wearing a white bikini is sitting on a bicycle .
a boy is on a man 's shoulders .
a child is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a girl carrying a bag .
a child is holding a child .
a young woman with brown hair is laughing .
a young woman is standing next to a woman standing next to her .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman is reading a book while a man looks on .
a man and woman are standing next to each other .
two girls hugging each other .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at her plate .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman holding a plate of food .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is looking at food .
a dog on the beach .
a young boy is throwing a ball .
two dogs on the beach .
two dogs playing in the ocean .
two people walking down the street .
two bicyclists riding on a road .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
customers preparing food .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman looking at the camera at a market .
people walking down the street .
a cook is preparing food on a grill .
two people pose for a picture .
a little boy is sitting with a stuffed animal .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
a boy plays with a stuffed animal .
a little boy in a blue shirt holding a red toy .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt driving a horse .
a child holding a red toy in his mouth .
people are standing in the snow .
a man riding a horse in a horse carriage .
a child plays with a toy .
a baby is sitting in a chair .
several construction workers are working on a road .
two people wearing hats .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man standing in front of a balcony .
a baby is sitting in a highchair .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs are running on a path next to a stone bench .
two dogs running on a path .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing together .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of protesters protesting in the streets .
a group of people holding signs .
a woman and a dog are kissing .
a group of people are looking at something in a room .
a man looking through a microscope .
a man is looking at something .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a man falling off a bull .
a man riding a bull .
a man and a woman are looking at horses .
a bull in a muddy field with a bull .
a man in a rodeo .
a dog runs through snow .
a group of women standing on a staircase .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man is standing on rocks .
a group of people are standing in a room .
a man is taking a drink .
a man holding a drink .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are having a discussion .
two women are laughing .
two people pushing a cart on a crowded street .
a group of people waiting in line .
two women shopping for a cart .
a man doing tricks on his bicycle .
a woman is performing a surgery .
a doctor is getting ready to throw a patient .
a woman wearing a mask is sitting at a dentist .
a woman is at a dentist .
snowboarder in midair .
a woman and a baby are outside .
a woman wearing glasses is smiling .
a hiker in a blue shirt is walking .
a person taking a picture .
people walking on a busy street .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a person wearing a black shirt and sunglasses stands at a bus stop .
a child is standing on a bus with a green umbrella in the background .
people are gathered in a mall .
a brick building with graffiti in the background .
a person taking a picture .
a little boy plays with toys on a rug .
people are standing in the snow .
a baby with a blue headband on .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a stick .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in an orange suit is on fire .
a child running in the grass .
a young girl runs through the grass .
a young girl is running .
two people dancing .
a man in an orange shirt is working on a roof .
a little girl is cleaning the snow .
a man wearing a white shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
an asian man in an orange shirt is doing work .
an asian man is doing a trick on a ramp .
two dogs playing in the sand .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco .
two women standing next to a car .
a construction worker working on scaffolding .
a fireman is taking a break from a building .
a man is preparing fish in a market .
people buying fish from a street market .
a construction worker working on a house .
a man in a blue shirt takes a break .
a construction worker working on the roof of a building .
a man using a hammer .
a man working on a machine .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man posing for a picture .
two people looking at artwork .
people paddling down a river .
a group of people riding a boat .
a group of men are sitting in a small canoe .
two men are talking to each other .
a man in a black shirt is talking to two men .
two men are on a boat .
two men are looking at something .
two dogs playing with an object .
a black and white dog jumps over a fence .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a skier skiing through the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
people watching a train .
a small image of a broken image .
a family poses for a picture .
people talking on cellphones .
a group of people are standing together .
a woman is checking her phone while another woman looks on .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman talks to a woman on a cellphone .
a woman looks at a woman .
a crowd stands at a rally .
a brown and white dog is jumping in the air .
a man drives a horse .
a cowboy riding a bucking horse in a rodeo .
a cowboy riding a bucking horse .
a man riding a horse .
a man riding a bike .
the train waits for the train .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a young girl standing outside .
a girl is blowing bubbles with her eyes closed .
a child blowing bubbles .
a couple dancing on stage .
two asian people are walking down a street .
a man in a white dress is dancing .
a dancer performing on stage .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a group of people are standing in front of a green staircase .
people standing outside of a carnival .
a carnival park in a carnival .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people at a carnival .
a group of people are standing at a carnival .
a group of people at a gathering .
a group of people standing outside .
a person walking on the sidewalk .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man walking down the street .
a dog plays with a toy .
two dogs play in the grass .
five dogs jump over a tall wall .
a bike rider in midair .
four dogs jump over a fence .
two dogs jumping .
two dogs running .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a person riding a bike down a ramp .
a man rides a bike .
a woman walking down the street .
a city street .
a jockey rides a horse .
four construction workers are working on railroad tracks .
a photographer takes a picture .
a girl playing in the water .
a girl in a red shirt climbing up a tree .
people are riding on a train .
a group of people are gathered together .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a group of men are working together .
two people standing in front of a building .
a young girl is sitting on a rock looking over a large field .
a young girl sitting on a bench .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a young girl is hanging upside down on a rock .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a computer .
a child wearing a colorful jacket .
a child wearing a jacket .
a child is sleeping on a rock face .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child wearing a jacket .
people sitting on computers .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a toddler is walking down the street .
people looking at computers .
a group of people are working on computers .
three people are looking at computers .
two men are working on computers .
three people are looking at computers .
people at a restaurant .
people sitting at a counter .
a bmx biker jumping off a ramp .
two people in black clothing are practicing martial arts .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man is standing on a deck .
two men are holding guns .
a man is sitting on a deck .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man working on a machine .
a person is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a gun .
a man sitting on a fabric chair .
people are walking down a street .
a young man rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of people posing in front of a sign .
a child working on a project .
a young child is using a gift .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a little boy is holding a tray of food .
a little boy is smiling .
a boy is mixing food .
a little boy is cooking food .
a little boy is brushing his teeth .
a group of people waiting for customers .
a person skiing .
a man in an orange outfit is dancing .
a woman in a parade .
a man sitting on a bench .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a woman in a white dress is jogging on a busy street .
a woman walking down a street .
a man giving a speech .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child is pulling a cart .
a boy is looking at a pumpkin .
a boy pulls a wagon .
a man in a red shirt is cutting a large egg .
a woman looking at a microscope .
a brown and white dog is running .
a person looking into a microscope .
a man is working with a microscope .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a dog plays with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man with a bag is standing in front of a store .
an older man standing in front of a building .
a man with a shovel is working on a ladder .
a woman holding a bag .
a father and son play outside .
people in a field .
a girl in a white shirt is walking .
a child playing with a ball .
a girl is holding a ball .
a little girl wearing a white dress .
a group of people on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
two dancers perform on a stage .
a group of children are sitting outside .
a man working on a machine .
a tennis player runs towards the ball .
a woman selling goods .
a dog chases a ball .
a dog catches a toy in its mouth .
an elderly woman is making a conversation .
a dog runs through the grass .
two people are crossing the street .
a boy is standing on the street .
a man and a woman are sitting at a desk .
a man and a woman are sitting at a desk in front of a christmas tree .
a woman and a man are sitting at a table .
a blond woman in a pink shirt is chasing a horse .
a large tree with trees in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a little girl in a pink jacket is walking .
a man in a black jacket holding a baby .
a baby is holding a camera to take a picture .
two men posing for a photo .
a person jumps over dirt .
a small brown dog is running through the grass .
a black and white dog with a black and white dog .
a dog is running through a field .
two dogs play in a field .
a black and white dog with a black and white dog .
a dog on a blanket .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog playing with a toy .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a dog plays with a toy .
a dog plays with a toy .
a group of men are standing on a sidewalk .
a man reading a newspaper .
a person is riding a subway .
a group of people are standing together .
an old man reading a newspaper outside .
people walking down the street .
three children and a boy are walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
three people are sitting on a small boat .
a brown and white dog runs through the grass .
four young boys are skateboarding .
a white dog is playing in the water .
a man walks with a donkey .
two dogs play in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is painting the floor .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a gun in a forest .
a man shooting a gun .
a man is shooting a frisbee .
a man shooting a gun in the woods .
a woman is making a funny face .
a woman is preparing food .
a man is shooting a gun .
a woman is mixing something in a kitchen .
a person rollerskating .
a woman skating at a park .
a skateboarder slides down a ramp .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog on the beach .
two girls waiting for food .
two girls are sitting on a blue chair .
a man playing the accordion on the street .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a wheelchair is playing a guitar .
two girls are at an outdoor construction site .
two women are ice cream .
a dog catches a tennis ball .
a group of runners walk down the street .
several people with numbers on their heads on their heads .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man and a woman holding balloons .
two women are eating .
a little girl is jumping into a pool .
a girl jumping on a trampoline .
a girl jumping into a pool .
a child jumps into a swimming pool .
a woman is pouring a drink on a snowy hill .
three people are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are walking outside .
a group of football players playing football .
a guy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a group of cyclists riding on a sunny day .
a woman wearing a black and white dress .
two women hugging each other .
a woman with a blue tank top and blue jeans .
two young girls are getting ready to dance .
two women hugging each other .
a cowboy hanging upside down .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a person on a sidewalk .
a boy doing a jump on a skateboard .
a man is skateboarding on a sidewalk .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man and a woman are walking along side a building .
two people are walking through a creek .
a person walking down the street .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a group of people with pink goggles .
three young men are sitting in a circle .
a group of people are gathered around a sculpture .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
a man in a white shirt is playing with his head .
a man is walking down the street .
a man riding a bicycle .
a man is pushing a cart full of bags .
a man is riding a bike .
four girls are playing soccer .
a group of teenagers playing outside .
four teenage girls are playing soccer in a field .
a group of people are standing together .
four girls playing soccer in a grassy field .
a little girl is getting ready to throw a ball .
a marketplace with many people in the background .
a child is riding a bike .
a child rides a bike .
a child is looking at something .
a toddler is leaning on a bike .
a child is looking at his bike .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a building .
people grilling meat on a grill .
a group of people are eating food .
people eating at a table .
a person riding a bike .
a girl in a pink jacket lays down on the sidewalk .
a man and woman are looking at something .
a city street .
people walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
people walking down a street .
people on a sidewalk .
people are sitting on steps .
two men are welding .
a woman pushes a shopping cart .
a man riding a bike .
two police officers are standing outside .
a man on the roof of a building .
a woman in a red hat ice skating .
a person is riding a bike .
a woman with a dog on her head .
a girl is walking her dog .
two people are playing an instrument .
two girls in a field .
a black and white dog is on a mountain .
people watching a skateboarder .
a skateboarder does tricks .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a brown dog is jumping up into the water .
a man is talking to another man .
people walking down the street .
a man stands outside a building .
a woman in a blue shirt is drawing a presentation .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people walking down a street .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a large crowd of people walking outside .
a group of people walking .
a man standing next to a motorcycle .
a group of police officers are walking .
a man sitting on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people gathered outside .
a crowd of people are standing outside .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a crowd .
a crowd of people in a street .
a group of people walking .
a woman standing next to a bicycle .
a person riding a mountain bike .
a person is standing next to a road .
a man on a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man rides a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
people are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt rides a bike .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people waiting to cross the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run around a field .
a black and white dog is running with a ball .
a child is playing in the snow .
a person is riding a snowboard on a snow covered hill .
a man is making a balloon .
a group of people playing outside .
a man sitting on a rock .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is holding a torch .
a person in the ocean .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man with his hands in his pockets .
a man standing on the street .
the cars are lined up .
a construction worker wearing a vest .
a man is standing in front of a car .
three women are walking down the street .
a skier in the snow .
a skier is flying through the snow in the snow .
a skier is skiing down the hill .
the snow is covered in snow .
a little girl runs across a grassy field .
a man with glasses is singing into a microphone .
two men are talking to each other .
two people looking at each other .
a man in a blue coat is running .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two chefs are eating .
an elderly man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of young people shopping at a grocery store .
a man smoking a cigarette while smoking a cigarette .
a child wearing a red shirt and red pants .
a boy climbs up a tree .
a child is playing in the snow .
a girl reading a book .
a group of children are playing outside .
a dog plays with a dog .
a child hangs from a tree .
a little girl is running .
a man in a white shirt is walking past a large mural of a mural .
a crowd of people are gathered outside .
two young boys carrying fruit .
a crowd of people on a street .
a crowd of people on a street .
four young children walking down the street .
children walking down a dirt road .
three men are carrying fruit .
two young boys carrying shopping bags .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a clown is holding a microphone .
two boats are on the water .
a man is blowing a whistle .
a man blowing a whistle .
a boy in a blue shirt sleeps on a bench .
two teams are playing soccer .
a woman in a city .
a woman walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a city street in the city .
a woman wearing blue jeans and blue jeans .
a man is playing tennis .
basketball players playing basketball .
basketball players competing in a game .
two players competing in a game .
construction workers wearing hard hats .
a group of boys are pointing .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man holding a protest sign .
dancers performing on stage .
a man working on a machine .
a woman is looking at a young girl .
a street car is driving .
a clown on a show .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a police officer on a street corner .
a woman in a city .
a busy street with people walking by .
a police officer on the street .
people are standing by a building .
a band playing music .
baseball player playing baseball .
police officers standing outside a building .
a police officer in a police uniform .
security officers looking at the camera .
a group of children playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
two young boys playing soccer .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
two children are playing soccer .
a baby sleeping .
a woman walking down a sidewalk .
a surgeon working on the floor .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
an asian man is working on a piece of clay .
a band performs on stage with a band .
men walking down the sidewalk .
a baby is wearing a blanket .
a baby is laying down .
a baby wrapped up in a blanket .
a baby is lying on a blanket .
a baby is laying down .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a young boy is smiling and smiling .
a woman poses for a picture .
baseball player playing baseball .
people sitting in a backyard .
a child plays with a string .
a woman is standing on the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding .
a man rides a skateboard .
a man rides a skateboard .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of students sitting on a bench .
asian people are sitting on steps .
two young girls playing in the water .
a group of students sitting at a fair .
students sitting on steps .
a group of students are sitting on steps .
a group of people sitting outside .
a group of students are sitting in the middle of a street .
a group of people are sitting in front of a table with their computers .
a group of young adults are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
a group of asians are sitting on stairs .
people riding a roller coaster .
a girl playing a guitar .
a girl playing the violin .
a group of people playing basketball .
a person walking down the street .
a family plays with an umbrella .
a man on a beach .
a man is playing on the beach .
a man playing volleyball .
a bride and groom at a wedding .
a group of women with flowers and flowers .
a bride holding a bouquet of flowers .
a woman throwing flowers .
a man throwing something .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man in a blue shirt is playing volleyball .
a musician playing guitar on stage in front of a large house .
two people in a motorcycle race .
a man on a stage .
a man holding a sign .
two men perform a concert .
a man is playing a guitar while a crowd watches .
a man holds a sign while another man speaks to a crowd of people .
a man holding a sign .
people walking down a street .
a group of men are racing on a dirt track while a man in a blue shirt tries to block him .
two people riding motorcycles .
two motorcyclists race down the street .
a woman with purple hair on .
a woman taking a picture of two dogs .
a man is fishing into a body of water .
a man in a black and white costume .
a woman looking at the view from the beach .
a person riding a bike .
a man walking on a sidewalk .
a man riding a bike .
a jockey riding a horse .
people eating .
a man in a blue shirt is bowling .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man is working on the ground .
people are bowling .
a man is bowling .
a man is bowling .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
two men are talking to each other .
a man is watching another man .
a bird flies into the air .
a man jumps off a ramp .
a man is standing on a boat in the ocean .
a man holding a fish .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a man playing with a dog .
two dogs in the snow .
a little boy playing with a toy .
a group of tourists are taking a break .
a man is sweeping a hallway on a hallway .
a child in a car .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a little boy is leaning against a bus .
a boy carries his head up to his head .
a person is leaning against a wall .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a young boy in a black shirt is riding a bus .
a young boy in a bus .
the little boy is looking out the window .
a person in a black shirt holding an object .
a child playing with a ball .
a football player tries to throw the ball .
a child is balancing upside down .
a little boy plays with his toy .
a man is drinking coffee .
a child plays in a house .
a woman with an umbrella is standing next to a market .
a woman walking down the street .
a little girl is holding an umbrella .
football players playing football .
a cyclist doing a trick .
a man is standing next to a train with a train in the background .
a man walking towards the train .
a man wearing a gray suit .
a man is walking towards the train .
a man is walking down the street .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
four girls are sitting in a hot tub .
a woman in a white dress and a woman in a white dress are looking out at a river .
a woman wearing a blue skirt and a white skirt is standing in front of a building .
two young women are taking pictures of two women .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people waiting for a train .
a group of people on a beach .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a black dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
a dog is chasing a frisbee .
a woman is training a dog .
a child poses in front of a body of water .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a young boy stands near the ocean .
a man is walking down the street .
a child is playing in the water .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and woman walking down the street .
a man and woman walk down a path .
a couple kissing .
a couple walking by a building .
two rugby players compete for the ball .
a couple posing for a picture .
shoppers buying goods at a market .
a couple is holding a bouquet of wine .
a couple is getting married .
a church in a church .
a bride and groom getting married .
a couple poses for a picture .
two children playing with a toy .
two boys are playing outside .
three children digging in the dirt .
two boys are digging in the snow .
a man is playing soccer .
a child wearing a jacket .
cheerleaders performing a routine .
a woman is balancing on her head .
a man is standing on rocks .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man in a black apron is cooking .
a man is cleaning a tree .
five people are standing outside .
a group of students having fun .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are painting .
a group of people are gathered together .
a person in a red helmet rides a bike .
a biker rides a bike .
a person doing a trick on a ramp .
the dog is walking .
a man on a dirt bike .
a girl holding onto a pole .
a man in a gray shirt looks at the camera while another man looks on .
an old man is walking through a large city city .
a man is looking at a piece of paper .
a man is reading a map .
a man riding a mountain bike .
girls walking down the street .
a group of people playing tug of war .
a group of people riding bikes .
a boy shooting a gun gun .
a boy holds a gun gun .
a boy playing tug of war .
a boy playing tug of war .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a child playing with a toy .
a boy is holding a gun .
two girls playing instruments .
two baseball players at a game .
a dog in front of a group of people .
a man is eating a meal .
two asian men are in a street .
a young girl is sitting in a chair .
three boys playing in the water .
three children on a boat .
three men are riding a canoe down a river .
two men fishing on a river .
a motorcyclist is driving on a track .
a motorcycle drives down the street .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a bride and groom walk along a sidewalk .
a student in a classroom .
a person in a suit .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a robe .
a dancer in a white shirt is performing a routine .
a little boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a little boy is jumping in the air while another boy watches .
a boy is smiling .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
two men are fishing .
people are standing in front of a church .
a young boy is jumping from a chair .
a man is sitting at a table .
two people standing on a sidewalk .
a group of men wearing white shirts .
two people walking down a street .
a child playing in the snow .
a child looking at the snow .
a person is standing in the snow .
a child in a red shirt is looking at something .
a child is looking at a child .
people shopping at a market .
a young girl in a pink dress is standing next to a snow covered hill .
people walking down the street .
a child is brushing his teeth .
a child in the snow .
people crossing a bridge .
people are playing instruments .
a woman is driving a vehicle .
a woman is driving a truck .
a woman driving a blue car .
a person holding a camera .
a person is taking a picture of the water .
a man with his hands on his head .
a man is holding his hand over his head .
a man is holding his face .
a young boy in a swimming pool .
a man is holding a fishing net .
two women wait to cross the street .
a child is wearing yellow .
a child is jumping into the water .
a girl is standing on a rock .
a father watches his son .
people are swimming in the water .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
a man and a woman are climbing a rock .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
people walking down a street .
a group of hikers are hiking through the woods .
a man with a microphone and a microphone .
a toddler is brushing her teeth .
a young boy is brushing his teeth .
two men playing guitars .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
an old man sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man playing in the sand .
a child rides a bike .
a view of a mountain .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs play in a park .
two dogs playing together .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man is looking at the mountains .
a man wearing glasses is talking to another man .
an elderly man sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is holding leaves .
a man is smiling .
a man is sitting on a bench in a hot sun .
a man is sitting on a bench .
three women are blowing into a microscope .
three people are standing outside of a building .
a man is talking to a cellphone .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man is leaning against a wall .
a man standing in front of a building .
a man is checking his phone .
a man is leaning against a wall .
a little girl is holding a balloon .
two people walking down a street .
a woman wearing a black uniform is waving an american flag .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding down a road .
a man shaking hands with a woman .
a man and a woman hold hands .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
a soldier shaking hands .
a woman holding a rifle .
a man holds a woman .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man is grilling meat .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man standing in front of a building .
the sky is cloudy sky .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing in front of a grill .
a man with his hands on a grill .
a man standing next to a grill .
two people walking on a sidewalk .
a man is helping a young boy .
a person skiing over snow .
a person skiing .
a person skiing down a snowy hill .
a skier flies through the air .
a person skiing .
a person in a blue shirt is snowboarding in the snow .
a person skiing .
a man is pulling a boy in the water .
a man selling produce .
a person on a motorcycle .
a person riding a bike .
a person on a motorcycle .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a skier flies through the air .
a child is getting ready to cross the snow .
a football player is running .
a boy is skiing .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a snowboarder catches a jump .
a black and white dog is swimming .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog is standing in the water .
a black and white dog carrying a stick .
a dog is running through the water .
people buying ice cream .
a quarterback prepares to throw a football .
a man reading a newspaper on a train .
a man sitting on a bench .
an older man is riding a subway .
a man reading a book in a vehicle .
a man reading a newspaper .
a boy is playing in the grass .
people walking down a street .
a woman is cooking .
a man grilling vegetables .
a woman is cooking vegetables .
a woman is cooking vegetables .
a woman is cooking .
a woman grilling meat .
a woman is preparing food on a grill .
a man is working on a grill .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man running .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man running .
a man and a woman sit in a tree .
two women sit on a wooden bench .
two women are hugging each other .
two elderly women are standing outside of a hut .
a man skateboarding .
an older man sits on a park bench .
an older man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding .
an older man riding a scooter .
an older man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding down a road .
two women talking to each other .
an elderly man sits in a park .
two children sit on the beach .
two children playing in the sand .
children playing on the beach .
two children are standing by the shore .
two children on the beach .
children playing in the water .
two children on the beach .
a couple is kissing .
a boy and girl are playing outside .
two people are playing outside .
two people enjoying the beach .
two children on a beach .
two children playing on the beach .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man using a hammer .
a man in a blue shirt sculpting a large bowl .
a man is using a stone statue .
a woman buying fruit .
a group of people are walking .
a man kissing a woman .
a musician performing on stage .
a group of people are in a canoe .
a man and a woman are sitting on a tree next to a tree .
people walking in the street .
a crowd of people are walking outside .
students in class class .
a man juggling drums .
a man and a woman are working on a project .
people are looking at a car .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a car is driving .
a group of people are watching a large vehicle .
a woman is holding a piece of equipment .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman wearing a helmet is standing next to a motorcycle .
a man is fixing a vehicle .
a woman riding a motorcycle .
two men shopping at a market .
two men are playing on a lake .
people surfing in the water .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a person is surfing on a surfboard .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man cleaning up a temple .
a group of people are listening to music .
two men working on a project .
a man is holding a bowl .
a snowboarder slides down a ramp .
two women are walking down the street .
two women walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a street vendor selling food .
a football player in a blue jersey is running .
three people walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man leans into a store .
a skier in the sand .
a person rides a wave .
a man holding a video camera .
a woman is walking down the street .
a surfer rides a wave .
a girl swimming in the water .
a woman in the ocean .
two men working together .
two men are sitting on a hill next to a post .
a group of people walking next to trees .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are sitting outside .
a man in a bus .
two women are making a funny face .
two women are walking down the street .
a man playing a saxophone .
a boy in a yellow jacket is holding a pot .
a man in a swimming suit jumping into a swimming pool .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are surfing on the beach .
people are surfing in the ocean .
a child swimming underwater .
a young boy diving into a swimming pool .
a child playing in a pool .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
two people wearing aprons and hats .
two young women are walking down the street .
three men are working on a plane .
two men are waiting for the camera .
two men are standing outside a building .
two women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a businessman is holding a pot .
a skier is skiing down a hill with a backpack .
a man is cooking .
a man is standing next to a stove .
a man is preparing food in a restaurant .
a man wearing a suit .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer is surfing on the beach .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing a wave .
a person on a beach .
three boys are at school .
a group of young children having fun .
people are praying .
a group of children in green shirts are outside .
a group of children standing outside .
two men playing frisbee .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people playing soccer .
people walking down a street .
a man is working on a project .
a little boy wearing a jacket .
a man is using a guitar .
a blond woman with blond hair is laughing .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a woman stands in front of a tent .
a woman stands near a tent .
a woman stands near a tent .
a woman with blond hair is laughing .
a woman in a field .
a person is sitting on the beach .
a woman stands near an event .
a view of the water on the water .
a man is walking through the rain .
a man walking down the street .
two men playing soccer .
a boy carrying a football .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man and woman are standing in front of a large tree with a stone wall in the background .
a man and woman are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a wooden container .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man standing in front of a microphone .
people running through a race .
people running down the street .
a dog jumping over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is running .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a dog jumps over a pole .
a black and white dog jumping .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red pole .
two dogs jump over a fence .
a dog jumps over a pole .
a group of people are gathered together .
a boy running on the sidewalk .
a family enjoys the beach .
a woman is talking to a group of people .
two women standing on a city street .
a boy is standing in front of a crowd .
two women are looking at a town .
a boy in a red shirt is looking at his friends .
two girls looking at the camera .
a brown haired woman is talking to another woman .
a boy jumps in the air .
a man in a cowboy hat rides a horse .
a cowboy is running on a bucking bronco in a rodeo .
a man on a bucking bronco .
a man riding a horse .
a cowboy riding a horse in a rodeo .
a man giving a presentation .
two people standing on a street .
a person holding a box .
a young man sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is holding his arms .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is sitting on a stool on a stool .
a man is sitting on a stool next to a plate of food .
people sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is running through a field .
people are standing outside .
a rodeo rider is riding a horse in a rodeo .
a woman with a gray beard and a gray beard is sitting on a porch with a baby and a baby .
three people sitting on a porch .
people sitting on a porch .
a group of people are standing around a house .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
a dog walks through the snow .
a black and white dog running through a tube .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
a dog in a tunnel .
a dog is coming out of a tunnel .
a group of people at a park .
two men work on a bicycle .
four people are working on a bike .
a man and woman work together .
a group of people riding bikes in a park .
a group of people are working on a bicycle .
four people are looking at a bicycle .
a group of people riding bikes .
four people are fixing a bicycle on a bicycle .
a man holding a child in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are walking on a treadmill .
a tennis player gets ready to hit the ball .
a person snowboarding .
a man snowboarding .
a snowboarder riding down a trail .
a snowboarder is jumping over a ramp .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people at the beach .
people relaxing outside .
a young child is sitting in a chair .
a child is sitting on a chair in front of a chair .
a child is holding onto a chair .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a young child is holding hands .
a mother and daughter playing a game .
a man surfing on the beach .
a person is riding a boat through the water .
a person kayaking in the ocean .
a person surfing on a wave .
an old man with a beard is standing by a wall .
a man is wearing a yellow shirt .
a group of people are standing in the water .
two people are working on a project .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
two people kissing .
a couple kissing .
a brown dog jumps over a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man with a beard .
a man with a beard in his hair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man with a beard and a beard is sitting on a couch .
a man with a beard .
three men are standing around a table .
a group of people in uniform .
a girl is jumping over a fence .
soldiers are talking .
a group of men are sitting in a circle .
a puppy runs through the grass .
a young boy swinging on a swing .
two young boys are playing a sport .
a black and white dog wearing a white and white striped shirt .
a man is sitting on a chair .
a man is sitting on a chair reading a book .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a chair .
a living room in a room .
people are standing in front of an open door .
a group of people are sitting in the background .
two bottles of bottles .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a person is sleeping on the snow .
two workers are digging through the snow .
two workers are digging in the snow .
a man in a red shirt is cleaning the snow .
a car is driving through the snow .
a cake with a cake .
two people looking at a cake .
a group of people sitting on a table .
two women looking at a cake .
two women looking at a cake .
two men are looking at a fish .
people are sitting at tables in a restaurant .
two men fishing .
a fish in a fish market .
a girl wearing headphones .
a woman in a bikini in a desert .
two baseball players in the middle of a game .
a baseball player at a baseball game .
a surfer rides a wave .
a baseball player slides towards base .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
several people are sitting and eating .
a group of people are sitting at a counter .
an ice cream car is being photographed .
a dog runs after a ball .
a man holding a microphone in his hands .
a man is singing on the sidewalk .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man holding a microphone .
a man working at a train station .
two children in a boat .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man holding a drink .
a man practicing martial arts .
a young man holds a young boy in his arms .
a man in a gray hoodie is working .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking at a customer .
a man is looking at a customer .
a woman looking at something .
a man is standing next to another man .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man is watching a group of people .
a man is skating on a skateboard .
two men are looking at something .
a boy skateboarding at a skate park .
a boy is feeding pigeons .
a man stands in front of a crowd of people .
a group of young people standing in the dark .
a man stands in a forest .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a young man stands on a cliff .
a man in a forest .
a little boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is standing in a doorway .
a group of young people are gathered outside .
a young child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a child smiling .
a man is standing next to a train .
two people playing a game .
a man in a black and yellow outfit is boxing .
a man working on a train .
two men fighting each other .
a person poses for a picture .
a man in a black outfit is practicing martial arts .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping .
people posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are eating food .
a group of people are holding a cup .
a woman smiles at the camera .
a woman sits on a ledge .
a girl laying in the water .
a woman in a bathing suit is swimming .
a woman wearing a bikini .
people gather in the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking around a city .
people are sitting on a sidewalk .
people are walking down a busy street .
a man working on a train .
a man is looking at something .
two dogs play in a yard .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
a child is hanging upside down .
people on a beach .
swimmers swimming in the ocean .
a plane drives through the snow .
a small airplane in the snow .
a plane flies through the air .
a plane flies through the air .
a plane in the sky .
a pilot doing a trick in the air .
a plane flies through the air .
a group of people are watching a plane .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a yellow truck with two men in the background .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
cheerleaders performing a routine in a gym .
basketball players on a basketball court .
a group of dancers dance for a class .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down a street .
women playing volleyball .
a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of people are working on the street .
a man holding flowers .
a man is holding flowers .
a little boy is reaching into a water fountain .
construction workers are working together .
four men are working on a railroad track .
two men working on a railroad track .
a woman in a striped shirt and a girl in a striped shirt are jumping up on a dirt path .
a little boy is standing outside .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a woman is walking down a path with a group of children .
a man rides his bike through the streets .
a baby holding a baby .
a woman painting a picture .
a baby in a shopping cart .
a woman is applying mascara .
a woman is painting a picture .
two women having a conversation .
a child is holding a shopping bag .
two baseball players are celebrating .
two men playing baseball .
a pitcher is getting ready to throw a ball .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are outside .
a person is doing a trick .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
three people wearing costumes .
people walking down the street .
three people wearing costumes .
two hockey players compete for the puck .
two hockey players compete for the puck .
an ice hockey game .
two hockey players are fighting .
two female hockey players fighting .
a man is looking at a woman .
a child is walking down the street .
a hockey game is being played in a hockey game .
two hockey players are wrestling .
two hockey players are standing next to each other .
two women posing for a picture .
women wearing white dresses .
two women in white dresses are posing for a picture in a park .
a group of people walking down the sidewalk .
people walking down the street with santa claus .
people walking in the city in the city .
people walking on the sidewalk .
two women posing for a picture .
people working in a kitchen .
a man in a black jacket is walking down a street .
two young men , one in a black t shirt and the other in a blue t shirt , are playing in a lake .
a man is standing outside .
a boy is standing on the sidewalk .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man taking a picture .
a man is looking at his cellphone .
a man is standing outside .
a man is jumping into the air .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
two climbers are climbing a mountain .
a man in a straw hat is taking a picture .
a young man with brown hair is sitting at a table drinking a beer .
a man is drinking beer .
a man drinking from a glass .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
a man drinking a drink .
a woman looking at the ocean .
a boy and a little boy are standing around a table .
people sitting on a bench .
two women dancing .
two women are playing music .
people dancing in front of a crowd .
a group of women are dancing .
people dancing .
a group of women are dancing .
a man is sleeping in a subway station .
a man is leaning against a sign .
a man uses a telescope at a train station .
a man is standing next to railroad tracks .
a man holding a sign .
a dog in the snow .
a dog is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing behind a podium .
a man laying down on a bench .
a brown dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a group of children wait in line .
girls playing in a park .
a group of girls are dressed in black and white uniforms .
a group of children standing in a line .
a group of children are playing outside .
people eating at a picnic table .
a room full of people .
two men are talking to each other .
people sitting on a bench .
people at a restaurant .
two young girls are laughing .
construction workers are digging a hole .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
workers work into a hole in a hole .
construction workers are digging a hole .
construction workers are digging a hole in a yard .
three people standing outside .
men digging dirt .
a group of people riding bikes .
children walking down the street .
a man painting a picture .
a man holding a basket .
a person taking a picture .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a coat is fixing a train station .
a young girl reading a book .
a group of people are standing together .
a worker working on a machine .
a white dog is playing in the grass .
a dog plays with a stick in the snow .
a dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
the dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog jumps in the snow .
a man is holding a baseball .
a baseball player throws a baseball .
a white dog is playing in the snow .
a worker is looking at something .
two dogs playing together .
a man and woman are conversing .
a group of football players in the rain .
people are walking down a street .
people painting a mural on the ground .
a man is sitting on a stone wall in front of a group of people .
a baby is crying .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are making a turn .
a woman and a dog stand in front of a building .
a woman is brushing her teeth .
a group of women on a horse .
a group of people are outside .
three women , one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are laughing .
a group of people taking pictures .
a woman is making pottery .
a man stands in front of a bar with people in the background .
a woman in a costume .
a gymnast is balancing a ribbon .
a gymnast is twirling a ribbon .
a gymnast performs a trick .
a woman in a pink leotard is making a hula hoop .
a man playing a guitar .
a singer singing at a concert .
a man holding a guitar .
a man is singing and playing the violin .
two people are performing .
a child is standing in front of a fireplace .
a woman sweeping water .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman wearing a skirt is walking down a street .
a man is working on a roof .
a woman in a blue t shirt stands in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a bride and groom are kissing .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man and woman crossing the street .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white dress are walking on the street .
people are crossing a street .
a man and woman are standing on a stone wall .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man standing on a street corner .
a couple walking down the street .
a bride and groom walking through china .
a couple taking a picture .
a bride and groom are taking a picture .
a bride and groom are walking down the street .
a child is playing in the snow .
two people are having fun .
people are walking down a street .
a child in winter clothes smiles in the snow .
a baby is playing outside .
a person riding a horse on a trail .
a man wearing glasses is smiling .
an older man is looking at a bottle of water .
a man with gray hair is looking down .
an elderly man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down a street .
couples dancing at a party .
two couples dancing .
two people dancing .
a brown and white dog in a field .
a black and white dog stands in the snow .
two girls smiling .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a group of people taking pictures .
a group of people taking pictures with their cameras .
a group of people are gathered on the street .
two people at a concert .
a man and a child are petting a dog .
two women are talking on cellphones .
a group of people are walking around .
a woman holding a young girl .
a young boy playing baseball .
a boy in a red shirt playing a saxophone .
people are cheering .
two people sitting outside .
people doing yoga .
a woman dancing .
a person riding a bike .
two women dancing .
a young woman standing outside .
a cyclist doing a trick in the air .
a group of people dancing on a stage .
people are standing in the snow .
a group of people are standing in the street .
two men wearing reflective vests .
a group of people attending a party .
two men are standing near tents .
a group of men are standing together .
a parade at night .
two people are carrying bags .
two people are carrying bags .
a group of young people in a martial arts demonstration .
two men are walking down the street .
two people in winter coats are walking down the street .
a group of men in suits are playing guitars .
a group of men in suits are playing guitars .
a group of musicians playing guitars .
two women are smiling .
a man fishing .
a woman is sitting at a table .
two women are sitting next to each other .
a man on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a man stands near the ocean .
a person with a hat and a hat .
a man looking off into the distance .
people are smiling .
a guy drawing a portrait .
a child is playing on a swing .
a woman wearing a pink and green dress is pointing to a crowd of people .
two people are sitting at a restaurant table .
a couple sitting at a restaurant table .
a baby is in a carriage .
people are eating food .
a street vendor selling food .
a woman selling candy .
an old man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a man shaving his hair .
a man getting a haircut .
people standing near water .
three women are laughing .
a group of people at a festival .
people enjoying a party .
two women celebrating at a party .
two women celebrating a party at night at night .
a woman and a child at a party .
people at a party .
a little girl is sitting on her shoulders .
people walking down the street .
a baby is holding a baby .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band performs on a field .
a little girl plays with a toy .
marching marching .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two people walking near a pond .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is taking a nap on a bed while another man takes a drink .
a dog is walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking by a dock .
a woman walking down the street .
a man painting a picture .
a man and a child are posing for a picture .
a man is sitting next to a metal bucket .
a man wearing a hat .
a man and a boy are standing next to a bucket .
a man and a boy are sitting down .
a man and a boy are sitting next to each other .
two people racing on a dirt road .
a bicyclist rides down a street .
a woman in a bicycle race .
a woman is standing in the water .
a swimmer in a swimming pool in a pool .
people swimming in a pool .
a young man swimming .
a man swimming in a pool .
a woman is sitting in a hot tub .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a boat .
a man is looking at a microphone .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a band performs on stage .
a man and a woman are sitting at a desk .
two men working on a rail .
two men work on a rooftop .
two men are shooting a hole .
a boy plays with a toy .
a young woman with glasses is holding a book .
a little girl is holding a bag .
a young boy opening a present .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a person wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people on a field .
a person is walking down the street at an airport .
a young woman walking down a street .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog is jumping in the air .
a brown and white dog jumping over a wooden fence .
a small dog jumps over a large object .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man sitting on the ground .
two dogs play in a lake .
a boy on a boat .
a boy standing on his head .
a boy is standing on a boat .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy on a boat .
a man playing the drums .
two dogs fighting .
two police officers talking to each other .
a group of people talking to each other .
two girls talking to each other .
a girl in a pink dress is dancing .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man carrying flowers .
two construction workers are on a boat .
a group of people crossing a bridge .
a person painting .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a man is standing in front of a machine .
a man speaks into a microphone .
two people are walking in the snow .
a man playing a musical instrument .
a man on a sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding up sticks .
a man playing music on the street .
a group of women standing together .
three women are smiling and smiling .
four african american women pose for the camera .
a group of people posing for a picture .
four people pose in front of a building .
four people are posing for a picture in front of a building .
four women posing for a picture .
two women are looking at each other .
a man with a hat and a hat .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
a boy stands in front of a building .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a man laying down on a bench .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman with her face painted face .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a bull rider in a rodeo .
three band performing on stage .
band performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
three people in a band .
a band is performing on stage .
a dog playing with a frisbee .
a black dog jumps up to catch a frisbee .
a band performs in front of a crowd .
two men playing instruments .
a group of men play guitars on stage .
a band performs in front of an audience .
two men playing instruments .
a group of protesters carrying bags on their heads .
a man with a green beard is sitting on a bench .
a fan is standing on stage .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of football players are cheering .
fans watch a baseball game .
a group of fans are walking down the street .
two female cheerleaders at a sporting event .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
two girls , one wearing a white shirt and one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , perform a routine .
two cheerleaders performing a routine .
two cheerleaders are holding up their hands .
two female cheerleaders compete in a gymnasium .
a girl is standing on a road .
two people wearing sunglasses are smiling .
a man playing tennis .
a man poses for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a person taking a picture .
a man poses for a picture .
a black man poses for a picture .
a group of people competing in a competition .
a woman sings into a microphone .
police officers on a street .
a policeman takes a break at a construction site .
a man and a dog are outside .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman is playing a drum .
a man playing with a dog .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
people walking down a street .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is checking her phone while riding a cart .
people eating .
a woman is fixing a bicycle .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a singer is standing in front of a piano .
two men wearing hard hats .
four people sitting outside .
three women riding horses .
a boy in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
two dogs run after a ball .
a boy in a black shirt is riding a bike on a dirt road .
a group of adults and children having fun .
a group of people are smiling .
an artist is doing a trick .
a football game with a football player in the foreground .
two people working on a project .
a crowd of people are performing a concert .
a group of men wearing hard hats and hard hats are working on a metal structure .
people selling food .
a man is mowing a lawn lawn mower .
a group of men are standing on a field .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a street vendor selling food on a street corner .
a woman is eating .
a man is working on a street vendor .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is standing on rocks .
a man with a beard is playing a guitar .
two horses are riding horses .
a bearded man playing a banjo .
a man with a beard and a beard .
a man with a beard plays a guitar .
a man is playing the accordion on his guitar .
a man with a beard is playing a guitar .
two men playing a game .
two men are playing basketball .
a boy looking at something .
a man and a woman are pushing a shopping cart in a city .
three young people are selling food on a busy street .
a man is holding a small child .
a young boy playing tennis on a tennis court .
a boy in a blue shirt is attempting to climb a fence .
a boy stands in front of a fence .
a person running .
a busy city street .
a city street .
a child is running in a field .
people jumping in the air .
a woman and a woman are looking at something .
four girls on a ride .
two people walking down the street .
a couple walking with their dog .
a woman is walking with a dog on a leash .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man and a woman take a picture .
people are walking down a street .
two police officers talking to each other .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a snowboarder does a jump in the air .
a man shaving his face .
a man shaving his beard in the bathroom .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a bull in a race .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a mirror while holding a mirror .
a man is standing next to a cow .
a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is pulling a calf .
a brown dog is jumping over a fence .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a worker working on a scaffold .
a man in a field .
a young boy is swinging on a swing .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a young boy slides down the street .
a man cleaning something .
a woman is walking behind a cart .
an elderly woman walking through town .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
children are sitting at a table .
two children in a house .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing outside .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a woman at a restaurant .
a woman sitting at a table at a table .
a woman selling food on a busy street .
a woman is sitting at a restaurant table .
a woman sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a group of girls drinking beer .
two little girls are playing a video game in a living room .
two girls playing video games .
two girls are drinking from a video game .
two young girls are laughing and playing video games .
a girl wearing a blue shirt .
two girls are sitting on a sofa .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch next to a blond haired girl .
two girls sit on a couch .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking .
four young boys play in front of an audience .
a building with graffiti on it .
two people are singing .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a man stands with a bird .
a man and a woman are singing .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a group of people playing with a dog .
a man in a black shirt is performing a trick .
a clown is holding a bird .
a bird is in a cage .
a man is standing in front of a cage with a cage .
a woman is playing the violin .
a man is holding a microphone at a crowd .
a boy rides a horse .
a black dog is talking to another man .
a young man is riding a donkey on a donkey .
a boy is riding a horse .
people sitting on a bench .
a child plays with a toy in the snow .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
a group of children are playing outside .
three children are walking down the street .
people in a restaurant .
three children are standing outside .
children standing outside of a hut .
three children are standing near a hut .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a woman holding a broom .
a young woman is coloring with a little girl .
two people in a library .
a woman sweeping the street .
a woman sweeping the street .
a woman sweeping the sidewalk .
a mother and her daughter are sitting on a bench .
a woman taking pictures .
a couple taking pictures .
a man is sitting at a desk .
a man taking a picture .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
a man is talking .
two people are drinking coffee .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a little boy carrying a soccer ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a boy with a backpack is standing on a sidewalk .
a person walking next to a wall .
a woman is using a piece of paper .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
a man is sitting on a wall .
a young asian girl wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a girl in a blue shirt is making a face face .
a young girl in a purple shirt is looking at the camera .
a woman looking at the camera .
a young girl makes a funny face .
a woman on her head .
a young girl looking at the camera .
a man sitting in a vehicle .
a man sitting in a truck .
a person sitting on a bench .
a truck in front of a building .
men playing basketball .
a man is standing on a truck .
a man sweeping a grill .
two women are walking down the street .
a young boy is blowing a baby .
musicians playing on the street .
a child is helping another child .
a small child is holding a toothbrush .
two children are shaving ice cream .
a child is wearing a striped shirt .
a child brushing his teeth .
a little boy is brushing a small baby .
a boy is holding a baby .
a young boy is opening a baby .
two people sitting next to each other .
a young boy is brushing a baby .
men walking down a street .
a group of men are playing musical instruments .
a band plays on a street corner .
a snowboarder jumps over snow .
a man snowboarding on a snowboard .
a snowboarder flies down the snow .
a man stands in front of a wall .
a man wearing a black hat .
a man is standing next to a wall .
a dog is licking his plate .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture of a wall .
a man standing in front of a building .
artist painting a picture .
two dogs are running through the water .
a woman stands in front of an art gallery .
a man working on an art sculpture .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a wooden structure .
a toddler is wearing red .
a man is working on a construction site .
a dog in the middle of the street .
a dog stands in the street .
a dog stands in the street .
the dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man wearing a helmet .
the black dog is looking at the camera .
a black and white dog is parked in the snow .
a dog runs through the street .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a little girl is helping a young boy .
a man in a white shirt is holding a water bottle .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a street .
a man walking down the street .
football players in football uniforms .
two toddlers are looking at a book .
two boys playing in a lake .
a boy playing basketball .
a man reads a book .
a man carries a bag .
a man is reading a book .
a young boy in a blue uniform holding a soccer ball .
a little girl is holding a boy .
a lady walking down the street .
a dog runs on sand .
a man playing an accordion .
a woman is selling items in front of a car .
a baby sitting in a highchair .
a group of people are hanging out outside .
a baby is brushing his teeth .
a toddler is playing with a vacuum cleaner .
a man playing tennis .
a baby is brushing his teeth .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a child is playing in a room .
a group of people preparing food .
a boy is standing next to a tree .
families enjoy a parade .
a boy in a black shirt is running in a parade .
a child holding balloon balloons .
a young boy holds an american flag in a parade .
a young child watching a parade .
a young boy in a parade .
a boy looking at a truck .
a boy watching a parade .
a child is waving a flag .
two men playing tug of war .
two dogs are walking through the snow .
a group of people on a beach .
two people walking down the street .
two men are pouring a towel .
a person is wading through the water .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
people shopping at a market .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a worker in a lab coat is cutting something .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a woman swims in the water with a net .
a group of people at an event .
people are walking through the snow .
people shopping at a market .
two women shopping at a market .
two women wearing white coats .
a person is falling out of the water .
a person is fishing into a body of water .
a man and a woman are laughing .
one person is leaning against another man 's head .
two men are looking at the water .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a baseball .
a man is walking down the street .
a street vendor selling food .
a street vendor selling food .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman is reading a book .
protesters protesting .
a group of protesters carrying flags .
people holding hands .
protesters protesting for protest .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a couple laughing .
a view of a museum .
a group of children are standing in a museum looking at a large tree .
a group of people playing soccer .
people reading books .
children running near trees .
a group of people working together .
people are standing in a store .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a woman looking up .
two men fishing .
three people jumping up in the air .
a woman is walking down the street .
four young girls are playing volleyball .
a lady looking into the sky .
a girl opening a present .
a girl is holding a purple bag .
a little girl is standing next to her presents .
a little girl is crying .
a woman with a dog .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
two men are talking to each other .
two men are talking to each other .
two people are kissing each other .
a man with a tattoo on his head .
two men standing next to each other .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man standing next to another man standing next to him .
a man in a brown t shirt and a man in a brown t shirt are standing in front of a microphone .
two men are standing outside .
two men are standing in front of an awning .
two men walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
people are standing outside .
two men standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is smiling .
two men are standing around .
a bald man in a bathroom with a man in a bathroom .
two men in a bathroom .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to another man .
two men in a bathroom .
a dog with two dogs .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
two men wearing red shirts .
a man walking down a street .
a man walking down the street .
a man wearing a hat is sitting on a chair .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a small child is looking at something .
a black dog is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on top of a white bench .
there is a sign in the background .
a street sign with a sign in the background .
a city street with a sign .
a man holding up a sign .
a police officer looks at the camera .
the policeman is on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a tunnel .
a man is standing on a metal beam .
a man stands in front of a traffic sign .
a man stands on the side of a building .
a jockey riding a horse .
a jockey riding a red horse .
two horses are riding horses .
a group of people riding horses .
a jockey riding a red horse .
a white and white horse jumps over a fence .
a group of people riding horses .
a white and white horse .
a jockey on a horse .
a horse is on a horse .
a group of people in a large gathering .
a man riding a horse on a horse .
a man in a red shirt riding a horse .
a man is reading a book .
a man riding a horse .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding up his hands .
a person walking down the street .
a person is brushing her teeth .
two men talking to each other .
a view of a building .
a building with graffiti on it .
a building with people in the background .
a building with buildings in the background .
construction workers are working on the side of a building .
a black and white dog is in the water .
the giraffe is standing outside .
this is a picture of the water .
the giraffe is in the distance .
a dog with a tree in its mouth .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a man is cutting a hospital .
a boy is holding a cup .
a young child bowling .
a man is holding a bag .
a group of men playing soccer .
a man in a yellow shirt holding a bag .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
a young girl dances at a party .
a child pushing a cart .
a group of people are gathered around a subway station .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people wait at a train station .
a group of people sitting near a train stop .
people waiting for the train .
a group of people standing next to train tracks .
people are walking around a train station .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing a jacket .
a person wearing a jacket .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing purple shoes is walking .
people waiting at a subway station .
a group of people at a train station .
people waiting for the train .
people waiting for a train .
people waiting at a train station .
people are waiting for a train stop .
a woman running a race .
a person on a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a group of people are racing .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a motorcycle racer is racing .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a man is riding a motorcycle on the street while a crowd watches .
a woman in a pink dress is waving a hula hoop .
a man in a black and white outfit is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a man is holding a knife .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog in a yard .
a man is preparing meat on a grill .
a dog runs through the grass .
a young boy is playing with a ball .
a woman sitting at a table .
several people are working with leaves .
four people are weaving .
a group of young girls at a shopping mall .
a group of girls are working in a kitchen .
a man and woman hold hands .
children playing soccer .
people walking down the street .
a girl is chasing a softball .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
two men standing on a lawn .
a group of people are standing outside .
an elderly man is preparing food for food .
a woman is preparing food outside .
two people holding hands .
a large crowd of people are walking .
a girl rides a bike through snow .
four women dance on a basketball court .
a couple holding hands .
four children are listening to music .
a couple holding hands .
a man walking down the street .
women dancing .
a man walking on the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a woman is looking into a cup .
a ballerina dancing on stage .
a group of cheerleaders are performing .
a group of girls are in a circle .
two girls pose for a picture .
a blond woman is drinking a drink .
two girls sit on a white chair .
a group of people are preparing food .
a person is walking down the street .
a family walking on a crowded street .
a young boy skateboarding in a skate park .
a man smiling .
two girls are playing basketball .
a man is standing in front of vegetables .
a brown dog is playing on the beach .
a brown dog is jumping on the beach .
a large brown dog is running through the water .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog is playing on the beach .
a black dog is running through a field .
a dog in the ocean .
a dog runs through the grass .
the photographer is posing for the camera .
a group of people are praying .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people dancing .
people dancing .
people wearing hats .
a group of teenagers are smiling .
a man is cooking a meal .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a child playing with a toy .
a little girl playing in the grass .
a girl sliding down a slide .
a little girl in a yellow shirt slides down a yellow slide in the air .
a little girl slides down a slide .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down a red slide .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a young girl slides down a yellow slide .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man skiing .
a group of people are looking at buildings .
two dogs are looking at each other .
a man playing a guitar .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a suit is talking .
construction workers are operating a crane .
construction workers are working outside .
a woman is looking at a large pumpkin in a telescope on a sunny day .
two children play in a lake .
a child climbing a tree .
two men are working on a construction site .
a man and a child are sitting on a tree in front of a body of water with the water in the background .
two young children are standing near a body of water .
two children climbing a tree with a tree in the background .
two children playing in the water .
two young children are playing in a tree .
two children are playing in the water .
a child climbing a tree .
a group of children posing for a picture .
two children playing outside .
two children playing outside .
a man is on a hot day on a hot day .
a man holding a child .
people walking through a bazaar .
three children are cooking food .
a man and a child are playing in the street .
a market full of people .
a man holds a baby and a baby .
many people are walking through a market .
children in a kitchen .
a child is dancing .
two men cleaning a kitchen .
a tractor digs up a tractor .
a man in a white shirt is walking on a sidewalk .
a baby smiling at the camera .
a man with a beard .
a baby is lying on the floor .
two children are playing outside .
two children having fun .
a baby is sitting on a couch .
a baby is laughing on the floor .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a worker is doing a trick on the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man with a microphone is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are sitting at a computer .
a band performing on stage .
a pile of leaves in the snow .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog running in a backyard .
a dog in a yard .
a dog in a garden .
a man is pulling a cart .
a skier in the snow .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a person is walking down a busy street .
two young asian children are waiting outside .
a man stands in the snow .
two men are sitting at a desk in front of a hotel .
a woman stands in front of a lake .
children running down the street .
two children running down the street .
two children are participating in a relay race .
a group of people in a building .
two young girls are sitting at a table .
two girls are walking down a hallway while another girl walks behind them .
two girls are running down a hallway .
a girl in a pink dress is walking down a hallway .
children dancing .
a man shooting a gun .
a young man holding a camera .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is shooting a gun .
a man and woman in a building .
a man holding a sword .
two men playing soccer .
a snowboarder doing a trick .
a man rides a bike .
people riding bikes .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of cyclists on the street .
people shopping in a store .
a man is bending over .
customers stand in a store .
people shopping at an outdoor market .
a man looking at a store .
a girl swimming underwater .
a young woman in a swimming pool .
a young girl in a swimming pool .
a child smiles in the water .
a young woman is reading a book .
two people are looking at a book .
a group of people looking at a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a little boy is looking at a young boy .
a woman and a young boy are reading a book .
a little girl is reading a book .
two people are reading a book .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple standing on a sidewalk .
two women are talking to each other .
a child rides a horse .
a man dressed as a clown .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man standing in front of a crowd .
a man is sitting on a train .
a man painting a picture .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two people pose in front of a train .
a woman is playing the accordion .
a person sitting on a bench .
a young woman is playing a white accordion .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman playing an instrument .
a woman playing an instrument .
a woman and a young boy are playing instruments .
a man is looking at his cellphone .
a man is standing on rocks .
people riding horses .
people walking down the street past a parked car .
two dogs play in the grass .
two people are reading .
two children swimming underwater .
a person in a blue shirt is laying in the grass .
two people are standing on a bridge .
two young girls walking through snow .
a little girl in the grass .
a man is walking down the street .
two girls are in the snow .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a young girl is walking down the street .
a person is standing in the grass .
a girl laying in the grass .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
two people ride a bike .
a dog chases a toy .
a dog catching a frisbee in its mouth .
a brown and white dog is biting a frisbee in its mouth .
a woman wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
people are gathered around a market .
two dogs in a field .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a guy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a boy skateboarding .
a skateboarder does a trick .
skateboarder doing a trick .
a man is sitting on a bench looking at a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is doing a trick .
a boy sitting on a couch .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man working at a construction site .
a man working on a machine .
a man working with a machine .
an asian man working on a grill .
a man wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
an old man in an orange shirt works on an old machine .
a man working on a machine .
a man working on a machine .
a man working on a machine .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in an orange shirt are fixing their computers .
a woman with her eyes closed .
a boy in a blue shirt cleaning trash .
a man stands next to a garbage dumpster .
a boy in a gray hooded sweatshirt leans against a green bucket .
a boy is throwing a plastic bag .
a boy in a blue shirt is getting a thumbs up .
an older man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses .
two women competing in a competition .
people are walking down a street .
this is a busy street .
people walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a skier is walking through the snow .
a little boy is opening a dumpster .
a man uses a dumpster .
a young man is using a dumpster to a dumpster .
a man is standing next to a trashcan .
a young man uses a dumpster .
three scuba divers underwater .
a man in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
the man in the black jacket is standing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt stands next to a red car .
a little girl is hula hooping .
a little girl is playing outside .
a girl playing with hula hoops .
a little girl is playing with hula hoops .
a girl playing with a hula hoop .
a man and a dog are standing in the snow .
a person walking through the snow .
a man is walking on the beach with his dog .
a man walking through a field .
two dogs walking down the street .
two boys in a kitchen .
a man skateboarding .
a race car in a race .
a group of people in a kitchen .
an elderly woman is walking down the street carrying a backpack .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two boys are cooking .
a man is leaning against a wall talking on his cellphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a woman in a white shirt .
girls dressed in red and white .
a group of people walking down the sidewalk .
a person skiing .
a person skiing .
a person skiing .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a person skiing .
a group of children walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people pose for a picture .
a group of children walking down the street .
a man standing against a wall .
construction workers picking up trash .
a child sleeping on a bed .
two boxers fighting and boxing .
a group of children are playing outside .
two men sweeping the street .
a child is looking at a baby .
two men cleaning trash .
a baby is looking at a baby .
two men are playing a video game .
military soldiers in military uniforms .
a man is sitting on the edge of a rock .
two men playing basketball .
a group of men are playing tug of war .
a group of men are playing a game .
two men play a board game at home .
a group of young people having fun .
a young man is talking on his cellphone .
a football game with a football game .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt .
a group of cheerleaders are cheering .
a football player is attempting to throw the ball .
a person wearing pink pants and a pink shirt .
a man in a black coat is standing in front of snow covered mountains .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a person wearing pink pants and a pink shirt .
a bartender is applying makeup .
a group of people gather outside .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people at an outdoor restaurant .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer in a wetsuit rides a wave .
a man is surfing on a beach .
a man surfing a wave .
a boy wearing headphones and headphones .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man stands next to a dog .
a man getting a haircut .
a police officer stands behind a gate .
children are playing with water .
a group of boys in a classroom .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man with a microphone is speaking into a microphone while holding a microphone .
three people working in a tunnel .
a young girl in a white dress is smiling .
a woman is riding a horse on a horse .
a woman is standing next to a little girl .
a man standing on the street .
a man using a hammer .
a man is standing in front of a store .
a man is using a piece of metal .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man stands in front of a deli .
a man is standing in front of a table .
a man stands in front of a deli .
a man stands in front of a deli .
children sitting on chairs .
a man in a blue jacket is laughing .
a blond blond haired girl is laughing and laughing .
a man is looking into a bag .
two people are laughing .
a man is looking through a bag .
a woman holding a bag .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is handing out out of her hands .
a boy is running .
three young students are cutting something in a microscope .
a man in a black shirt is looking through a microscope .
a group of people are using a microscope .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are in front of a boat on a raft .
two men are on a boat in front of boats .
a dog runs through a field .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man is holding a woman 's hair .
a man is holding a woman 's hair .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man in a blue shirt is hitting a baseball with a bat and a bat .
a dog runs through the grass .
three men working in a restaurant .
a woman stands in front of a wall .
a baby is laying on a sofa in a living room .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
people shopping at a store .
a group of people are making coffee .
a man and woman are walking down the street .
people having drinks .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a woman walking down the street .
people walking down a city street .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a woman is walking by a store , while a man in a blue shirt walks by .
a hockey goalie blocks the goal .
a street vendor selling fruit .
a street performer juggling .
a man juggling fire .
a man is performing a show .
a man is standing on a fire .
a young boy sitting on a bench .
a boy on a slide .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a young boy is skating down the ocean .
a young man skateboarding .
a boy rides a skateboard in the air in the air .
a boy on a pier .
a boy skateboarding on a pier in a sunset .
girls are standing on a stage .
a group of girls are cheering .
two women are performing on stage .
people dancing .
two young boys riding bikes .
a group of women doing a conversation .
a group of people are conversing .
a group of people are gathered outside .
people at a party .
two men are talking to a young woman .
a group of people at an event .
two men are talking to a group of people .
two men are talking to each other at a party .
two men are talking to each other .
a man and woman are drinking beer .
a group of children playing a game .
a man working in a restaurant .
boys playing soccer .
a man is preparing food .
soccer players playing soccer .
a child rides a toy .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
three people playing hockey .
three hockey players are playing hockey .
three people playing hockey .
hockey players are playing hockey .
three hockey players are playing hockey on the field .
people on ice skating .
a group of people playing soccer .
a goalie shooting a net .
two hockey players compete for the puck .
people playing hockey .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
a man stands in front of a red curtain .
a man in a white shirt is juggling bowling pins .
two hockey players are wrestling .
a biker is riding a bike .
people hanging out on a deck .
a person riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
two people are looking at something .
two men working on a project .
dirt biker racing through mud .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a young man is playing a keyboard .
two girls on the beach .
several people are walking down a street .
a group of people playing football .
a black and white dog runs through the sand .
a woman hanging out at the beach .
a young woman in a blue swimsuit is wading into the ocean .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
a baseball player in a blue uniform is throwing a ball .
a young boy is playing a keyboard .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a cat sits on top of a car .
a woman is standing on top of a car .
a woman is standing next to a car .
a woman is laying on a car .
a woman is taking a ride .
a woman in a white dress is taking a picture of a car .
two people are standing outside .
a baseball player on a baseball field .
people are walking down a street .
a baseball team is playing baseball .
a baseball player on a baseball field .
a person stands on a cliff .
a pitcher prepares to throw a baseball .
a girl with sunglasses on her head .
a lady in a blue dress is walking .
two dogs running .
people having drinks .
two girls prepare food .
girls having drinks .
two female volleyball players playing the game .
a group of people are having fun .
a person hiking through the snow .
people sitting on a patio .
a person walks through the woods with an american flag .
a man in a backpack walking down the street .
a person is holding an american flag .
a hiker stands in the snow .
a street vendor selling food .
a pile of leaves on the sidewalk .
a man sitting on the sidewalk .
people shopping at a market .
a man is holding a stick in his hand .
people are standing in a hole .
a man looking at something .
a little girl in a white dress is walking .
a man in a yellow shirt is snowboarding .
a person looking at a plane .
a young child is standing on a rock .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a girl walking down the street .
a child swims in a stream .
a man throwing a football .
a man in a hat is doing a flip .
a man is dancing .
a gymnast performs in front of a crowd .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man playing an accordion .
a man playing the drums .
a man playing the accordion .
a man sitting on a chair .
a man is holding a red instrument .
a woman working on a loom .
a man is walking down the street .
children playing outside .
two children are sitting on a bench .
four children playing a game in a circle .
a group of children are eating .
a cyclist doing a trick on a ramp .
a little girl is playing on a jungle gym .
a man walking along a snow covered street .
students in a classroom .
a man is laying on a motorcycle .
a professor is showing a lecture .
a group of students sitting in a classroom .
a group of students sit at a desk at a desk .
a teacher is listening to a group of students .
a group of people are sitting in a classroom listening to something .
a teacher is talking to her teacher .
students are listening to a lecture .
a couple listening to a speaker .
two cars are parked on the street .
two people playing instruments .
a man and a woman are riding bikes .
a man and woman playing instruments .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
two people are riding bikes .
a woman is holding an american flag .
a woman standing in front of a store .
a woman holding a flag in front of a parade .
people are walking on a path while others watch .
a man swings his shoe at the beach .
a woman rides a horse at an event .
a blond woman wearing a blue shirt .
a crowd stands in front of an american flag .
a woman is riding a horse in front of an american flag .
a woman is performing a dance .
a man is getting his shoe shined .
firemen at a construction site .
two firemen are standing next to a firetruck .
two firefighters stand next to a fire engine .
a blond woman with blond hair is laughing .
two men riding horses .
two police officers walk down the street .
two horses are walking through the city .
two police officers on horses .
a group of people are swimming .
a group of people in a living room .
a man and a woman walking on the beach .
two men walking down a street .
a group of people playing tug of war .
a man is walking down the street .
people sitting on a bench .
people walking through the city .
a little girl playing with a toy .
two women biking down the street .
two women and a child are riding bikes .
a group of people riding bikes .
two women waiting at a crosswalk .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a couch .
two women are playing volleyball .
people riding bikes in traffic .
people sitting on a white couch .
a family taking a picture .
a family poses for a picture .
a group of people are gathered together .
children playing on a beach .
a group of people sitting on the floor .
a man wearing a hat and glasses is looking at something .
a man wearing an orange cap is looking at something .
a man with glasses and glasses .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a man with a beard is sitting on a bench .
a person stands in front of an atm machine .
a man working at an atm machine .
a man is working at an atm .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are marching on the street .
two men playing frisbee .
two men are sitting in front of a river .
two boys are fighting in a crowd .
two people in front of an audience .
two men are wrestling in a rodeo .
a group of dancers are dancing .
two people fighting .
a woman holds a card .
a man in an orange vest is operating a large device .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a plaid shirt is working .
a man working on a large machine .
a man operating a machine .
a group of girls are standing in a line .
two women playing jena .
people walking down a street .
a man is operating a crane .
people in a house .
a woman with a microphone in front of her .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl playing the drums .
a young girl performs at a concert .
two children standing next to each other .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a group of people are talking .
a man is standing on the beach .
people are looking at something .
a man is standing next to a busy street .
a woman is sitting next to a man .
two women are looking at a bridge .
two women are looking at each other .
two women looking at something .
people are walking down a street .
two women in coats are looking towards the shoreline .
a child swinging on a tire swing .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a donkey pulling a cart full of bags .
a couple sitting at a table .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two girls pushing a cart .
a child pushes a child on a swing .
a child swings on a swing .
a blond woman in a garden .
a woman picking leaves .
two boys playing in a fountain .
a man is looking asleep .
two musicians are playing instruments .
two men are playing guitars on the street .
a woman holding a basket .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man playing guitar .
a dog plays with a toy .
a woman is looking at the camera .
two men shaving each other .
two men are shaving their faces .
two people are playing in the snow .
people are walking down a street .
people are walking in the snow .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a child standing on a sidewalk .
a toddler is balancing on a spinning wheel wheel .
a boy is playing on a playground .
a group of young men are sitting at a table playing cards .
two volleyball teams compete in the olympics .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing soccer .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a woman on a walkway .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child is playing with a doll .
a horse in a competition .
a man is looking at a child .
a group of people at a skate park .
a man watching a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people ice skating .
a man is shooting a basketball .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a basketball player on a basketball court .
a woman is cutting food .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat is buying vegetables .
a woman selling fruit .
people are selling food on the street .
a man walks past a door .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a street vendor is standing on the sidewalk .
a young man in a blue shirt is reading a book .
a man is playing a violin and playing the violin .
a man and a woman are playing music in the grass .
a band playing music .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of young people playing music outside .
two musicians playing the guitar .
two musicians perform in front of an audience .
a group of people sitting on the lawn .
a couple sitting on a bench in front of a bench .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a band performs on stage .
a girl sitting at a desk .
a biker on a beautiful day on a sunny day .
two people enjoying the view of a mountain .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people sitting on a bench .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a bench in front of a brick building , while the sun sets in the background .
two people sitting on a bench .
a person in a library .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person sitting in a chair .
a person sitting in a chair .
a bicyclist rides his bike .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a boy playing football .
two women talking to each other .
a woman smoking a cigarette .
two girls are standing outside .
a child runs down the street .
a surfer rides a wave at the beach .
a woman sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming .
a woman sitting on a bench .
an asian woman is sitting in a chair .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a person rides a motorcycle in front of a crowd .
a motorcyclist is performing a trick .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bike .
a boy runs with a ball .
a person is riding his bike .
two people are walking down a street .
two people are running in a race .
people sitting in a park .
two people in red shirts sit on a bench .
two people sit on a beach .
a group of people are standing in the water .
two people on the beach near an american flag .
two people are standing outside .
two people are standing next to water .
a busy street .
a woman in a purple shirt is walking through a crosswalk .
a man in a blue shirt is crossing the street .
a man walking across a crosswalk .
a man is crossing a busy street on a busy street .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a couple enjoying the beach .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white dress is walking .
a woman is fixing her mother 's hair .
a group of people looking at something .
a woman working on a loom .
a lady holding a baby .
a woman in a yellow shirt weaving fabric .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman is weaving .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a woman in a black shirt is weaving a book .
a woman sitting on a porch .
a woman holding a camera .
a woman posing for a picture .
a group of women at a sporting event .
a woman is taking a picture .
a bulldozer digging in the dirt .
a photographer takes a picture .
a group of people are marching .
a man is taking a break .
a man jumping in the water .
a man hiking through the mountains .
a man jumping on rocks .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is waiting for something .
a man wearing a sweater and black pants is sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a man in a sweater is waiting for something .
a man is waiting for something .
a man is looking at a doll .
a person doing tricks on a bicycle .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a bike rider wearing a white shirt .
a biker rides his bike .
a dirt biker jumps off a ramp .
a man watching a man in a blue shirt .
a biker is fixing his bike .
a cyclist is fixing his bike .
a dog running through the snow .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people riding their bikes .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a man in a city .
two players competing in a game .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a soccer player in a white uniform is running .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
people playing soccer .
a little girl running .
two men are playing basketball .
four dogs are in the snow .
a brown and white dog jumps off a fence .
a dog jumps on hay .
a brown and white dog is jumping off a fence .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a man holding a protest sign .
a group of students working on the lawn .
a man in front of a building .
a man on a sunny day on a sunny day .
a man is talking to a man in a blue shirt .
a man holding a sign .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing in the grass .
a man on the grass .
a man is in the grass .
a person is standing in the grass .
a group of children and children are sitting around a table with balloons and balloons .
a view of a city street .
a child and a child are playing in the water .
a group of men in white shirts are playing instruments .
a person standing outside .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a group of construction workers are standing in a vehicle .
a skateboarder does a skateboard trick .
a person holding a stick in its mouth .
a girl on a swing .
a girl is swinging in front of a building .
a guy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a woman is sitting on a rock .
people sitting on a bus .
a girl is jumping on a trampoline .
a child in a harness is jumping .
two people are sitting at a table .
two people at a restaurant .
two people are walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a tennis racket .
two elderly women drinking coffee .
marching band standing in line .
a child playing in a fountain .
a man is climbing a staircase .
a man working on a sewing machine .
a young man is opening a present .
three people walking across the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a kid with a red hat and blue shirt is jumping on a skateboard .
a boy in a white shirt is holding a skateboard .
a boy with a skateboard on his head .
three men are standing in front of a building .
a boy is playing the drums .
two men are sitting on the sidewalk .
three people in front of a building .
two men are talking to each other .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a red shirt are watching a young man .
a statue of a statue of a statue .
a mother and her son are sitting on a bench .
a man sweeping a sidewalk .
a woman sweeping the sidewalk .
a woman standing next to a ladder .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
a brown and white dog jumps over a bar .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is running .
a little girl runs on a grassy area .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a person is walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man rides a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on the stairs .
a dog runs through the grass .
two people in an art gallery .
a man on a street .
two women hugging each other .
a woman poses for a picture .
a young woman is painting an artist 's painting .
people attending an event .
a girl on a tricycle .
people watch a group of people .
a woman is giving a presentation to a crowd of people .
a woman is talking into a microphone .
people standing in line .
people walking on a sidewalk .
a man taking a picture .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
a skateboarder flies through the air .
people are walking down the street .
a food vendor is preparing food .
a man and a woman are eating wine .
a man is sitting at an outdoor restaurant .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
a group of people are preparing food .
a room with lights in the background .
a man is dancing outside .
a boy in a red shirt is dancing .
a man dancing .
a man standing at a bar .
a woman dancing .
a person riding a bike .
a group of girls playing soccer .
a man rides a bike in the forest .
a group of people at a restaurant .
a group of people at night .
a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle .
a brown and white dog is chasing another dog .
two men are working in a building .
a group of cyclists racing .
people are sitting on bicycles .
a group of people competing in a race .
a group of people riding bikes .
a dog runs through the grass .
people dressed in costumes on a street .
two dogs look at each other .
a person taking pictures .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman working on a loom .
a worker loading fruit .
a woman in a red sweater is standing next to a parking meter .
a woman is looking at boxes .
three children are looking at something .
a group of people celebrating .
a woman and a child are smiling .
a woman with a pink dress on her head .
two people smiling .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a baseball player is attempting to throw the ball .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a baseball player slides towards the base .
a baseball player tries to throw the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a car .
baseball players playing baseball .
a dog plays in the water .
a dog is walking in the middle of a city .
a dog is jumping into the water .
a man is sitting on a bus .
two dogs play on the sidewalk .
a dog swims with a stick in its mouth .
a skier is skiing .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
two children playing in the snow .
people standing in the snow .
two children are standing next to each other .
three young girls are standing outside .
two young girls hugging each other in the snow in the snow .
two girls hugging each other in the grass .
a dog swims in the water .
two young girls are standing next to each other .
two girls wearing coats .
two girls hugging in the middle of the water .
two girls wearing winter coats .
two young girls hugging in the snow .
a woman with brown hair is holding her nose .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a woman with blond hair wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a red collar .
a woman with a tattoo on her nose .
a young woman in a blue shirt is lifting her hand .
two young boys are having a conversation .
a man is playing an accordion .
a group of people watching a cruise ship .
people are standing near a body of water .
two people are sitting on a rug .
people are walking on the beach at the beach .
a group of football players are hugging .
a boat in the ocean .
a little girl is playing with a ball .
people are standing in the snow .
a man and a woman are climbing a pole .
a little girl kicking a soccer ball .
a girl in a blue uniform is playing tennis .
a woman in a green uniform is playing with a ball .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a group of people waiting for food .
a group of people standing at a food stand .
a group of people are standing at a window .
customers stand in line .
two boys playing outside .
people are skiing down a snowy hill .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
a woman walking down the street .
a person looking through binoculars .
two men talking to each other .
a woman is kneeling .
two girls playing outside .
a girl reads a book .
a golfer catches a frisbee .
a child in a classroom .
a little boy plays with a toy .
a young woman looking at a book .
a girl reading a book .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a break .
three people are playing cards .
a woman is walking through the subway .
a group of people playing basketball .
an elderly woman playing a card game .
an asian woman is playing a video game on a subway train .
three people are playing a card game .
a group of people are sitting on a train .
two asian women are sitting on a train .
three people are playing cards .
three people playing a game .
three people are smiling .
three people are playing cards .
three people playing a game .
a group of children are having fun .
cheerleaders dancing .
a group of people are walking .
a man stands in front of a crowd .
a band performs on stage .
a man with a microphone singing into a microphone .
a man on stage in front of a crowd .
a man performing on stage .
dancers dancing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a curb with fruit on it .
an asian woman selling fruit .
a lady is holding a large piece of paper .
two men are talking to two men .
a man is talking to a man .
people are working outside .
two men are working on a tree .
two men are walking down the street .
two men talking to each other .
a man is pointing at a beer .
a young boy in a red shirt is running down the street .
two men are singing .
a child is running down the street .
a child is playing in the snow .
a small child runs along a pathway .
a child running in the grass .
a child in a city .
a boy runs on the sidewalk .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a boy in a blue shirt is running down a boardwalk .
a boy running in a field .
a boy running down the street .
a child in a red shirt is running .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is fishing .
a band plays outside .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a band performs on stage .
two men wearing orange shirts .
two musicians playing instruments .
two men are singing into microphones .
a man and woman are getting married .
a girl sitting on a bench .
people fishing in the water .
people are walking down the street .
a man and a boy are on the beach .
a young child is eating .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a blond child with a mohawk on his shoulders .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a baseball player looks at the pitch .
two children with face paint .
a small boy rides a wave .
a man in a blue shirt is giving a speech .
a toddler is standing in front of a computer monitor .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of women looking at something .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a bald woman is using a mirror .
a woman is writing on a piece of paper in a dimly lit room .
a student in a classroom .
a man in a black shirt reading a book .
a man is walking down the street .
a young man is sitting and reading a book .
a man in a yellow shirt and blue shorts is sitting in front of a desk with a pen and a pen in the background .
a young man in a black shirt is sitting in the middle of a building .
five men are sitting at a computer .
a girl in a blue uniform smiles .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is looking at flowers .
a baby is sitting in front of a computer .
a young boy is sweeping an oven .
a child in a blue shirt cleaning a stove .
a young boy is working in a kitchen .
a boy in a blue shirt cleaning his oven .
a young boy is sweeping .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a woman in a yellow top is standing in a crowd .
a man jumps over a hurdle .
a young woman jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is making a face .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a studio .
a man is sitting on a bucket holding a flower .
a young girl sits at a computer desk .
two men ice cream .
a group of students having a conversation .
a woman sitting on a bench reading a book .
a woman holding a pen .
a woman is sitting next to a lake .
a man in a snow covered mountain .
men standing in a classroom .
a woman sitting in a restaurant .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a group of people in blue hard hats .
a man wearing a hat .
a woman is waiting for a train at a train station .
a street vendor selling food .
a man and woman looking into a store .
a group of people looking into a store window .
a group of people are looking into a window .
people are looking at something .
four people are looking into a store .
four people standing in front of a business .
people looking at a window .
a group of people looking at a store .
a man is sitting down with a drink .
a man is sitting in a chair in a chair .
a man in a green shirt holding a bottle of beer .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is leaning against a chair .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a man is sitting on a chair and drinking beer .
a young man wearing a blue shirt .
a woman holding a bottle of beer .
people surfing in the ocean .
a white dog is running with a small white dog .
a dog is holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
a group of people running in a marathon .
a group of people holding signs .
a group of men race a marathon .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is playing a guitar on stage .
a woman is holding a boy .
a street performer performs a handstand .
a musician playing a guitar .
people are playing instruments .
a person is performing on a stage .
a street performer in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man is performing a concert .
a man sings into a microphone .
a dog is playing tennis .
a black and white dog is playing with a tennis ball .
the dog is standing in the snow .
a black and white dog stands in a field .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a woman is pouring drinks .
a young girl is walking through a house .
a group of people are riding in a boat .
a group of people are walking along a river .
a girl walking through a garden .
a child is playing in the snow .
a group of friends pose for a picture .
hockey players are playing hockey .
a group of men are playing hockey with a stick in the background .
hockey players waiting for the puck .
a man drinking from a water fountain .
a child is climbing up a wall .
a group of people are taking pictures .
two men playing basketball .
a man is standing next to a camera .
a man holding a camera .
a man with a camera leans against the side of a building next to a building .
two men on a walkway .
two men are leaning against a building .
two men walking down the street .
a man is looking at a camera .
two men pushing a stroller in a parking lot .
two men are standing outside .
a brown dog is running through the snow .
the dog is running .
a dog runs on a course .
a child is laying on the floor .
people sitting under trees .
a man and woman standing on concrete .
a brown dog is biting another dog .
a man snowboarding on a snowboard .
a man and a woman are wearing goggles .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is running .
a group of people in a swimming pool .
a man stands in front of a pool .
a group of people are swimming .
a little boy is playing in the grass .
a boy is shaving his head .
a child laying on a rock .
two police officers are looking at the camera .
a group of people looking at each other .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a young man drinking from a fountain .
two women crossing the street .
two construction workers wearing orange vests are working on a construction site .
a police officer is looking at traffic .
a police officer is driving a race .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a police officer in blue .
two police officers race on the street .
asian women are walking .
a brown dog biting another dog .
people walking on a trail .
two construction workers are talking to each other .
a boy is brushing his teeth with his shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a boy shaves his face .
a boy with blond hair .
a boy shaving his face on his head .
a little boy in a blue shirt is running through the grass .
a blond blond boy is brushing his teeth .
a little boy wearing a blue shirt with a blue shirt and blue jeans with his eyes closed .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
two dogs are running .
a group of men riding bikes .
two dogs playing with toys .
a young boy is showing a young boy .
a group of cyclists in a race .
a person is looking at something .
a person swimming in a pool .
a man and a woman are swimming in the water .
a boy playing baseball .
a boy in a blue jersey runs .
a boy playing baseball .
a man playing soccer on a field .
a young boy is wearing a baseball jersey .
a young man playing baseball .
two men in front of a grill .
a man grilling meat .
two men grilling meat .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
two men are walking down the street .
a boy swings at a baseball game .
a woman wearing a black dress is dancing in front of a metro station .
dancers performing on stage .
dancers dancing .
a group of dancers in white perform on a stage .
dancers performing on a stage .
a group of people performing a routine .
men grilling food .
dancers performing on stage .
a group of children playing baseball .
a child is laughing .
a person is putting something on his face .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is operating a wooden box .
a man in a black shirt is doing a trick .
a man wearing a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are on a motorcycle .
a man in a black shirt is doing a wheelie .
a man with a mask on his face .
a man in a striped shirt is walking on the grass .
a child playing with a toy .
a young boy playing with a toy .
a young child playing with a toy .
a boy is looking at something in his hand .
people posing for a picture .
a boy is doing a flip .
a child is standing on his head .
a child doing a handstand on the beach .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child doing a handstand .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child doing a handstand .
a child playing with a toy .
a child in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man in a hat cutting wood .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a bearded man in a white shirt is kneeling in front of a piece of wood .
a man is standing next to a pile of wood .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans .
a man is standing on a rock .
a man is standing next to a construction site .
a man is kneeling next to a table .
a man is laying down in a chair .
a man swings at a baseball game .
baseball players playing baseball .
a baseball player swings the ball while the catcher looks on .
a baseball player prepares to throw a bat .
a man walking down the street .
a man is sitting in front of a sign .
a man is sitting on the beach .
a man with a beard is sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is reading a newspaper on a bus .
a man holding a bag of leaves .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
two students are practicing martial arts .
two women competing in martial arts .
two people in front of a crowd .
an asian woman talking to her friend .
two women competing in a competition .
a woman pushing a child in a wheelchair .
a man playing golf .
a woman reading a book .
a woman in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
there is a picture of a man in a white shirt .
a man holding a camera .
a girl wearing headphones is listening to a fan .
a restaurant in a restaurant .
a woman in a blue shirt stands in front of a brick wall .
workers working on a project .
a woman sitting at a table .
a man is holding a microphone .
a child is playing in the grass .
a man in a suit is drinking beer .
a group of people ride down a river .
a group of people walking down a river .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
a boy carrying a stick .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a child is jumping in the air .
a small child laying in the sand .
a man wearing a gray shirt .
a man is eating ice cream .
a young man is eating ice cream .
a man is eating ice cream .
two dogs play in the grass .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a baby sleeping .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
a baby is crying .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is speaking to a man holding a microphone .
a waitress is talking to a man .
a waitress is taking a picture .
a waitress is talking to a man .
a waitress is talking on a cellphone .
a waitress is working at a cafe .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking .
a man in a red apron is holding a tray of food at a cafe .
a waitress in a black shirt is presenting a tray of food .
a waitress serving drinks at a restaurant .
a boy is holding a stuffed animal .
a child is pushing a kite .
a woman in a white dress stands in front of an atm machine .
a woman standing in front of an atm .
a man is standing in front of an atm .
a woman is standing in front of an atm booth .
a woman is at a casino .
a woman in a casino studio .
this picture is a picture of a man with a cellphone .
two women are sitting at a table .
a man stands next to a monument .
a woman buying a snack .
a man in a white shirt is doing a trick .
a man standing in front of a building .
a race car drives through the road .
a person on a motorcycle .
a truck drives down the street .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is practicing a dance .
a group of cheerleaders are competing in a race .
a group of dancers dance .
dancers dance in a dance studio .
a group of people in a building .
a group of students dance in a studio .
a group of dancers are dancing in a studio with a crowd watching .
a group of dancers dance .
a child is playing in the snow .
people dancing .
a woman is bowling .
a pilot cleans a window .
a young girl is doing a handstand .
a girl in a green shirt is trying to do a handstand .
a young girl is getting her haircut .
a woman in a green shirt is getting ready to throw a sword .
a girl is bowling .
a girl is bowling in a bowling alley .
a young man playing tennis .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is looking at something while looking at something .
a man is using a tent .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are crossing the street .
two women are walking across the street .
two women smiling .
women crossing the street .
two women are crossing the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two elderly women crossing the street .
a woman drinking a beverage .
a man in a blue shirt is fixing a net .
a man is putting up a tent .
a cyclist wearing a helmet and a helmet is standing on a
people are sitting at a cafe table .
two young girls are practicing a science experiment .
two women in a classroom in a classroom .
a young girl is cutting a hole into a microscope .
a woman is looking at a container of wood .
two young girls smile .
a living room with lights in the background .
a small group of people are playing cards .
a group of people attending an event .
a group of people at a game .
a group of people waiting for customers .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are looking at something in a building .
two people are looking at something .
a group of people looking at something .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a living room at night .
people in a building .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt is smiling .
two people are walking down a road .
a group of students at school .
a person holding hands while holding hands .
people walking in the street .
people walking down a trail .
people walking down the street .
a man is standing in a house .
a person in a black backpack on a rocky path .
a person riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a group of girls in a gym .
a biker rides a bike .
a woman holding a white and white dog walks across the street .
a boy is playing on a stick .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman wearing a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is cooking a pot .
a woman standing in front of a street corner .
a woman is walking with a statue .
a person in a blue shirt waits to cross the street .
a person walking in a city .
a man giving a speech .
a young boy is reading a book .
a group of people sitting around a table .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people gather around a table .
a group of people are attending a party .
a group of people cooking in a kitchen .
two blond girls in a room .
a group of people gather for a gathering .
a little girl holding a bag .
a group of people are talking .
three women are walking down the street .
a group of boys playing soccer .
two little boys play outside .
a man walking down a sidewalk .
a family plays in a pool .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of boys playing soccer .
a boy diving into a pool .
two girls jump into a swimming pool .
a man is standing on a busy street .
a child jumps into a pool .
a child jumping off a high platform .
a group of kids playing soccer .
a person surfing in the ocean .
a woman in a red shirt is carrying an axe .
a man is swimming in the water .
a man with his eyes closed .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a subway .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a boy reading a book while reading a book .
a man and a woman are dancing .
two performers are performing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man and woman are dancing .
a man wearing a t shirt and blue jeans .
a blond girl is reading a book .
a man in a hat stands on a train .
a woman riding a bike .
a man is holding a fishing rod .
people at a wedding .
a man and a child playing soccer .
a child holding a ball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy swings a soccer ball .
a boy in a yellow shirt and yellow pants is holding a red and yellow shovel .
a child is holding a ball .
a bald man with a mohawk is walking .
a man holding a woman 's hair .
a man walking down the street .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man in a suit walks down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a young blond girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
three young boys are standing on the beach .
two men are eating food .
people gathered around a table .
people fish at the beach at the beach .
a group of men standing around .
a man in a yellow shirt is juggling a large pipe .
an asian man in a black shirt is playing a drum .
a man is blowing a drum .
a man is walking down the street .
a man looking at the mountains .
a group of people reading books in a book .
a group of people in red .
children gather around a flag .
two boys are standing in front of two police officers .
a group of boys in a ceremony .
a group of people are standing around .
a boy is standing at a podium .
a man is looking at a mirror .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking by an old building .
people are looking at a large mirror .
a large group of people looking at a large object .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is playing with a dog .
a group of people are gathered outside of a building .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a little boy in a pink shirt is smiling .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
kids playing with toys .
a group of people are eating and having drinks .
a man is holding a glass .
a group of people are gathered at a dinner table .
a man giving a speech .
a band plays music in a band .
three men are playing basketball .
three people on stage playing music on a stage .
a man is digging rocks .
a man in a hard hat is working on a construction project .
a construction worker sits on a tractor .
a construction worker sitting on a construction site .
a man driving a motorcycle .
two men in a bar .
people playing in the water .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men dressed in black and white .
a swimmer is diving into a pool .
a boy is playing with water .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a baby sleeping .
a person stands near the shore .
two security officers at work .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a homeless man walks past a subway car .
a baby in a stroller and a child in a stroller .
two men are walking down the street .
two girls hugging each other .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in the snow .
a woman is talking to a man .
a man and woman talking to each other .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a woman is talking to a man .
an artist paints a mural on a busy street .
a man stands in front of a statue .
a kid is doing tricks on a swing .
people are preparing food .
a child playing with a toy .
a young boy in a park .
a boy on a swing on a swing .
a boy playing on a sunny day .
a child in a park .
a man is bending over .
a man is standing next to a painting .
a man is looking at a fire engine .
a man is playing soccer .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing outside .
a person wearing a green shirt and blue jeans is riding a horse .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a large screen .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a sports field .
a man is looking at a firetruck .
a man in a suit looks at a screen screen .
a group of people are working on a mountain .
a dog swims through the water .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the water .
a man is sitting at a table .
a dog swims with a man in a swimming pool .
four men are working on a project .
a dog and a dog .
a person is doing a handstand .
a woman is walking down a street .
a person running with a dog .
a woman running in a race .
a bird flies through the air .
a group of people are sitting on the ground .
a dog catches a frisbee .
man working on wood .
a man is standing next to some pipes .
a man in a blue shirt looking at something .
a man is standing next to a campfire .
a man performing a trick .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
seagulls fly out of the water .
a woman looking at the camera .
two people are having a conversation .
a man and woman talking to each other .
an older man is talking to a woman .
a young woman talks with a woman in a blue shirt .
a group of people are dancing .
two women performing in the street .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two women dancing .
a baby is sleeping in a crib in a crib .
women dancing in the street .
a man pulls another man on the ground .
a man playing a guitar .
men playing basketball .
a man playing a guitar .
a basketball player in a white uniform is dribbling the ball .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are standing in a field .
two children are sitting on the shoulders of a man who is sitting on a bench , and the man is watching .
a person is swimming .
a man in a bathing suit smiles .
a person is laughing .
a person is washing the water .
a person is cleaning up an ice cream cone .
a group of people are gathered together .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a girl in a lab coat is looking down .
a woman is taking a picture in a mirror .
a woman taking a picture with a mirror .
a woman is looking through a microscope .
a woman with brown hair is using a towel .
a group of people are standing near a fence .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
two men are standing outside .
a woman waiting for a tennis ball .
a man and a young boy are outside .
a person hiking through the snow .
a group of people walking .
two men in a field .
people are sitting in front of palm trees .
a group of people are sitting on a bus .
a group of children are skating down a dirt road .
a group of people playing soccer .
people riding bikes .
a woman is helping a young child how to do a trick on a trampoline .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a woman is helping a child on a bicycle .
a woman in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue shirt are walking in the background .
a woman in a pink shirt is doing a flip on a skateboard .
a child on rollerskater .
people walking down a street .
people in a park .
a girl holding a hat .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bag .
a person is standing in the middle of a street .
a woman working with wood .
a woman in a white apron is working with a piece of wood .
a woman working on a clothesline .
a woman in an orange shirt is cleaning a pile of wood .
a woman working on a loom .
a man working on a machine .
a young woman working on a project .
two people are walking down the street .
a person riding a bike through the forest .
a man taking a picture .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
a woman in a blue shirt is shoveling a railing .
a group of people in a room .
a man is throwing a rope from a river .
a girl with a yo yo yo .
a man fishing .
a little girl wearing a t shirt and blue jeans .
an artist working on a wall .
a person dressed as a clown .
a person is standing near a wall .
a person is standing on a rock .
a building with graffiti on it .
a person on a wall .
a person in front of a wall .
a man is sitting on a wall .
people are rollerskating .
a man is blowing bubbles .
a young boy is playing with bubbles .
a man is blowing a bubble .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a biker on a trail in a forest .
a group of people are jumping .
two men are wrestling .
two men playing with a dog .
two men are jumping up to a rope .
two men are standing next to a dog .
two men watch a rope on a rope .
two men are watching a dog .
two people climbing a rock .
a baby is laughing .
a man in a suit standing outside .
people are standing outside .
a person walking his dog .
an old man is walking a cigarette .
a person walking down the street .
an old man is walking his dog .
a man is walking his dog .
a man holding a white dog .
a little boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a group of firefighters are working on a conveyor belt .
a group of people are picking up fruit .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man repairing a bicycle .
a man is using a tire on his bicycle .
a person is working on a bicycle .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a man working on a bicycle .
a man working on a bicycle .
a man working on a machine .
a man working on a bicycle .
a man in a black shirt is bowling .
a man is bowling .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
a boy is bowling in a bowling alley .
a young boy is bowling .
a boy is bowling in a basketball game .
a young boy in a blue shirt is bowling with bowling pins .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling in front of a wall covered in graffiti .
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans plays with a drum set in front of a brick wall .
a man is bowling with spray paint on a wall with graffiti in the background .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man in a black shirt and jeans is bowling with spray cans .
a man is getting ready to hit a bowling ball .
a man is bowling .
a man in a black shirt spray spray cans .
a man is holding a ball .
a man driving a vehicle .
a busy street .
people walking around outside .
a man walking down the street .
a man driving a car .
a group of people standing around a table .
two young boys are sitting around a table .
three people are standing together .
a man and woman are smiling .
a group of people are playing in the water .
people walking down a street .
people are standing in the ocean .
a group of people are outside .
a person in a blue shirt is running .
a group of people playing outside .
people sledding down a snowy hill .
a mother and son having fun .
a family is smiling .
a boy and a woman are playing in the snow .
two men running .
two men are walking down the street .
two men running on a cloudy day .
two men are walking down the street .
two men running on a cloudy day .
people swimming .
two men running down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men running down the street .
two men are standing in the street .
two men , one wearing black and one in black and the other in black , are running on the road .
a man working on a loom .
a group of workers are working in the sun .
a large group of people are gathered together .
a group of people are working on a truck .
two men jogging .
a group of workers are working on a train stop .
a group of men wearing jeans .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people wearing hard hats are picking up bags .
a group of people are walking .
a group of people are gathered together .
two people are working on a project .
a woman carries a child on her back .
a group of people are sitting in a backyard .
a woman crossing the street .
a woman carrying a little girl .
a child carries a child .
a little girl is carrying a bag .
a woman and a girl are smiling .
a woman holding a little girl .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat .
a woman with a little girl on her back .
a woman in a blue shirt is competing in the olympics .
a group of people are hugging .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of young people looking at a vending machine .
two women dancing .
a group of girls in a room .
people dressed in costumes .
a group of people are helping each other .
a group of people are hanging upside down .
a woman is helping another child .
a group of dancers dressed in black and white dresses .
a group of people dancing .
a group of dancers dancing .
people dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a woman is helping a little boy .
a group of people in a large room .
a woman jogging .
a group of dancers dancing on a stage .
a runner running in a marathon .
a group of people are walking on a sunny day while spectators watch .
a man in a blue shirt and khaki pants is skiing .
a runner running in the rain .
a girl walking down the street .
three men are eating .
a runner runs down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a little boy jumps on a white bed .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
two children playing outside .
a boy is playing in a pool .
two children are playing outside .
two children playing outside .
a black dog jumps into a red ball .
a dog plays with a toy .
a person playing with a dog .
a dog playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is jumping .
two dogs fighting .
a brown dog is playing with a brown dog .
two dogs playing with a red ball .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog playing with a ball .
a white dog is playing with a red ball .
a brown dog is playing with a brown dog .
a man taking pictures with a digital camera .
a man taking pictures .
a blond african american man wearing a black shirt .
a man with a black shirt and jeans is taking a break .
a man taking pictures .
a man in a city .
a young boy plays with toys .
two people are walking down the street .
a man is walking on a course .
two asian children are sitting in chairs .
a man in a helmet stands on a motorcycle .
a man is walking on a ramp .
a boy jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people are gathered together .
a group of people on the street .
a group of women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people gathered outside .
people walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a young girl is standing on rocks .
a child is playing in the snow .
a girl looks over a body of water .
a man is looking at flowers .
a dog plays in the water .
a little girl is standing on a sidewalk .
an asian man paints a picture of an asian woman .
a person wearing a helmet is climbing a rock wall .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is kneeling on the side of a road .
a man is drawing a portrait .
a guy is drawing a haircut .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a video camera .
a man in a white shirt is performing in front of a crowd .
people watch a street performer .
a child is playing with a toy .
two wrestlers fighting in the ring .
two wrestlers fighting each other .
a group of people playing basketball .
a wrestler takes a picture .
a man and a woman are sleeping next to a stand .
a man in a blue shirt gives a sword .
two men playing instruments .
a young girl poses for a photo .
a boy throwing a gun .
a group of people on a dirt road .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a child is throwing a gun in the air .
two people dancing .
two ice hockey players are competing in the ice .
two people are ice skating .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a group of people dancing .
a person is looking at some trees .
a person with a backpack is walking down a street .
a man and a child are playing with a child .
two people are sleeping on a tiled floor .
a girl and a girl are standing by a fountain .
a young man in a blue shirt is standing next to a white building .
a man writing on a piece of paper .
a worker is fixing a ladder .
people painting a building .
a man working on a roof .
a man using a drill .
an old man with a beard and glasses .
a man working on a machine .
a group of men and women are dancing .
two women are eating .
a woman and a child are laughing .
a woman and a girl are smiling .
a group of people are praying .
a man is standing on the ground .
a brown dog is sniffing the snow .
a picture of a building .
people are walking down the street .
there are windows windows .
construction workers are working on a building .
people are walking around a building .
the sky is high in the sky .
a blue sky with a blue sky in the background .
a man poses for a picture .
a group of people walking down the street .
the sky is in the air .
a black and white dog running through a field .
two dogs wrestle .
two dogs look at something .
two dogs playing in the water .
two dogs are fighting .
a brown and brown dog laying on a brown carpet .
a bearded man with a beard .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man in a brown jacket is talking .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a large tree with trees in the background .
there are trees in the background .
people walking down the street .
a horse with two horses .
a group of people on horses .
a group of people are riding horses .
a group of people are riding horses .
a group of people riding horses .
a man is walking down the street .
two women are standing outside .
a man is preparing food on a table .
a group of people are sitting in the desert .
two women are walking in a parking lot .
two women walking down the street .
a man preparing food .
a man wearing a black apron is holding a knife while holding a knife .
a woman looking at food .
a man in a brown apron is holding a knife .
a man with a knife .
hikers are walking through the snow .
a man in a black apron is cooking in a kitchen .
a dog stands in front of a glass .
a man walking .
a woman looking at something .
a woman looking at a shopping cart .
a woman looking at a window display .
a woman looking at a display .
construction workers wearing hard hats .
workers are standing in front of a building .
construction workers look at a construction site .
two men are walking down the street .
two women sitting on a couch .
two women are laughing and laughing .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
two women in a building .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a woman wearing a red top and a red top .
a girl hanging upside down .
a bike flies through the air .
a child is hanging upside down .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a man is laying in a garden .
a man holding a camera .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog stands in the snow .
a man cutting something .
a man in a hat is watching a worker .
two people are working together .
a construction worker is taking a picture .
two men working on a construction site .
a dog plays with a toy .
a woman holding a yellow box .
two girls smiling .
two girls posing for a picture .
a little girl carrying a shopping bag .
two girls are playing in a house .
children posing for a picture .
a dog stands in a river .
a man is eating .
a man giving a thumbs up .
a man is eating .
a dog chewing on a stick .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog playing with a ball .
a man on a cliff .
a man walking down the street .
two women are sitting at a table .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a cowboy riding a horse .
children holding hands .
a group of children are gathered together .
a group of children holding guns .
a woman and a woman drinking beer .
a man and woman having drinks .
a woman drinking a drink .
two people at a party .
a man drinking .
people are sitting at a table .
a man drinking beer .
a woman in a black shirt is looking at something with her mouth open .
a woman is sitting next to a man drinking a drink .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in a crowd .
a group of people are standing in a room .
a man pouring a drink into a glass glass .
two women are cleaning trash .
women standing on the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a little boy lays down on the ground .
a young child doing a handstand on a wall .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a man is laying down with a piece of paper .
two children playing in the water .
two children playing on the beach .
two girls having fun .
two girls playing outside .
a group of people at the beach .
people walking on the sidewalk .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
people walking around a city street .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man is sitting in a field .
a group of people watching a young man .
a boy throwing a baseball .
two boys are playing drums .
a man rides a motorcycle .
a man working on a machine .
a man working on a machine .
two girls eating ice cream .
two bikers taking a break .
a man is using an axe .
two people painting a bicycle .
a group of children are playing with their bikes .
two monks walking across the street .
two people are walking down a street .
two swimmers competing in a competition .
a person swimming underwater .
a swimmer gets ready to jump .
a man diving into a swimming pool .
a woman is painting a bicycle .
people working on a bike .
a woman carries a boy 's bike .
a woman helping a young boy .
a man jumping off a ramp .
a man snowboarding down a mountain .
a person jumps over a fountain .
a boy in a gym .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man is standing on the ground .
a person walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with long hair plays a guitar .
a woman playing soccer .
a dog jumps in the air .
a girl playing soccer .
a girl wearing a blue shirt and shorts .
a woman kicking a ball .
a young woman playing soccer on the grass .
two people are looking at art .
a woman and a girl are looking at art .
two people looking at the camera .
the image of the image .
two boys looking at something .
children playing in a body of water .
a young man in a blue shirt stands in front of a swimming pool .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a man wearing headphones and his headphones is walking .
two people are lying on a bench .
two men are fighting .
people are playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
men playing instruments .
two men are playing the violin .
two men playing the violin .
two men playing the violin in the street .
a group of people playing instruments .
two men playing the violin .
a woman jumping at an event .
a group of people are attending a farm .
people are waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are gathered around a stage .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people are on stage .
four women are practicing ballet .
a group of cheerleaders are dancing .
four women are performing a routine .
a group of girls dancing .
two girls are practicing martial arts .
four cheerleaders are dancing on the floor .
four cheerleaders dancing .
two people are looking at a dog .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of children are looking at something .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of children are playing on a stage .
a group of children are looking at a large building .
five children are looking at the camera .
a group of children playing in the woods .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a group of teenagers are kissing .
two people kissing on the beach .
a couple kissing in the snow .
a woman holding a baby .
a baby and a baby .
a toddler is running towards a woman .
an artist working on a sculpture .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with a laptop in her lap .
a woman is laughing while another woman watches .
a man in a black shirt is holding a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man is walking down a busy street .
a man playing guitar on a busy street .
a man is standing on the corner of a street .
people are sitting at tables .
a woman in a city street with a guitar on it .
a boy climbing through a bicycle .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a man performing a trick .
a man snowboarding down a hill .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
people are walking around outside .
a woman is walking across a window .
a race car going down a track .
a person in a city .
there is a window window .
a woman stands in front of a building with graffiti on it .
many cars are carrying signs .
a man and woman walk past a shop .
people walking by a building .
two people are walking past a store .
a man in a white coat and a woman in a white coat are walking past a store .
two people are walking down the street .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a couple shopping at a shopping mall .
a man and a woman are standing next to a glass display .
a couple is walking down the sidewalk .
a man and woman standing on a city street .
two people shopping at a shopping mall .
two people walking down the street .
a man and woman are looking into a window window .
two people shopping at a shopping mall .
two people are wearing sunglasses .
two people walking down the street .
two people shopping for sale .
a man giving a presentation .
a woman walking down a street .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a street vendor waits for sale .
a woman is holding a purse .
a group of people at a beach .
a worker is taking a break .
a man is standing on a platform .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a man laying down on a bench .
two women are looking at a bridge .
a man in a black shirt is looking at something .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
a little girl dances with a young girl .
children play in a classroom .
a woman is applying mascara .
a woman is applying mascara to a mirror .
a woman is applying makeup .
an older woman is applying mascara on a loom .
a woman is applying makeup .
a man sweeping the street .
two girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a skirt , are dancing .
a monk is sweeping a courtyard .
a man wearing a black and white striped shirt is dancing .
a young girl in a pink shirt is taking a picture .
a girl is painting .
a little girl playing in a field .
a child painting a picture .
a girl is playing with a toy .
a man in a gray shirt is standing next to a motorcycle .
a woman is using a hammer .
a man with a gray beard with a gray beard .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is using a drill on a piece of wood .
a man sweeps a concrete block .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to another man .
a man is taking a break .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is using a gun .
a man is opening a gun .
a dog jumps in the air .
a black and white dog jumping .
a brown dog jumping in the air .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a worker taking a break .
a man walking in the snow .
a child walking up stairs .
a man standing next to a street .
a man and woman are crossing the street .
two people walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
there is a street corner .
two people on a street corner .
two people crossing the street .
a man in a plaid shirt plays the drums .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man holding a microphone .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man is cooking food .
a man getting ready to hit a ball .
a man cutting meat .
a man in a park in a park .
a girl is holding a graffiti covered wall .
a man is sitting on a horse .
a girl poses for a picture .
a man in a tank top and shorts is sitting on a skateboard .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a girl in a black jacket eats a hotdog .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a girl in a brown jacket is laying on cement .
a little girl is standing next to a bicycle .
a group of people at a club .
a group of people sit on a ledge .
a young man is sitting down .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
the photographer is posing for the camera .
a man playing the drums .
a young boy runs through a field .
a man and woman sitting next to each other .
a runner is running a race .
a cowboy at a rodeo .
a girl is bouncing on a basketball court .
a young child is jumping on a red balloon .
a child plays with a toy .
a young boy runs through a field .
a child is sleeping on the floor .
a man performing a trick .
a girl in a blue shirt is looking at the water .
a woman playing the violin .
a man wearing a uniform .
a man is cooking an egg .
a bald man in a blue shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a military uniform is cooking .
a man is cooking .
a bald man is cooking an egg .
a man holding an egg in his hand .
a man in a black shirt is playing an electric guitar .
a dog is playing with a toy .
two women are looking at each other .
people playing volleyball .
a man holds his hands in front of his mouth .
a group of girls are jumping in the air .
a man on a horse in front of mountains .
a man is standing in a store .
two boys are watching a boy in a tank top .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a machine .
a man surfing a wave .
a man is jumping over a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer jumps over a wave .
a man is jumping up to catch a yellow ball .
a man in a white shirt and a dog .
a group of doctors in a room .
a cyclist doing a trick .
a woman is standing in front of a garden .
a man cooking at a barbecue .
a woman in a plaid shirt is holding a bat while holding a bat .
a worker is posing for a picture .
a group of young boys are sitting at a table .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of children are on a construction site .
a man singing on stage .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working in a garden .
a man is taking a nap .
a group of people walking through a city .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a boy playing soccer .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on the sidewalk .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man walks past a crowd of people .
people are standing in a subway station .
a man in a train station .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man waits for a train at a train station .
a man in a black hat and black jacket is walking .
a man in a black shirt is listening to a street vendor .
a busy street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is crossing the street .
a person wearing a black jacket and black pants .
a man is standing in front of his head .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs in the snow .
two dogs in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
two dogs standing in the snow .
a woman is sitting on a sofa .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a little boy is talking on a cellphone .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a brown and white dog is playing in the grass .
a skateboarder grinds a flight of stairs .
a woman with glasses is cutting a cheese cake .
a blond man is drinking a drink .
an old man is playing with a toy with a toy .
an older man is pointing to his dog .
a man is watching a santa vehicle .
a man stands in front of a store .
a person is looking at a firetruck .
a person wearing a helmet is looking at a firetruck .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of children are looking at a painting .
a group of children are standing outside .
a group of people are standing outside .
a child swings a bat .
children are looking at the camera in the sand .
two children are playing together .
a boy is walking past a building .
a boy in a blue shirt and a baseball cap is standing in a field .
two boys are standing outside a house .
a group of children are standing outside .
a man is lying on the ground .
two women posing for a picture .
a person on the grass .
a woman with a helmet on her head .
people are swimming in the water .
two teams are playing volleyball .
a black and white dog in a field .
a child sits in front of a television .
a baby is holding a video camera .
a boy is holding a pole .
a baby is holding a video camera .
a baby is holding a stuffed animal .
a dog swims in the water .
three children jumping on a trampoline .
a man is standing outside .
a bald man grilling meat .
a man grilling meat in the rain .
a bald man in a white shirt grilling in the city .
a man with a beard on his head .
three dogs running together .
a dog shaking water into the water .
a dog chases a dog .
two dogs running on the beach .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a brown dog is chasing a black dog .
two dogs running .
two dogs running .
two dogs run through the grass .
a group of kids riding on a park ride .
kids ride on an amusement park ride .
children enjoying an amusement park ride .
four children are jumping in the park .
four children are playing on a roller coaster .
a man with a microphone in his ears .
a man is sitting at a train station listening to a train .
a man wearing headphones .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a man is wearing a pink shirt .
children are playing in front of a statue .
a group of people taking a break .
two dogs play in the grass .
a building with graffiti on it .
a boy in a red hat rides a skateboard down a street .
a man riding a bike .
a guy doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a group of people jumping on a trampoline .
a man working on a sculpture .
a group of people sitting at a table .
an artist is carving a plate of food .
a man painting a picture .
a man is smiling while holding a plate of paper .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a person is carrying an object .
a man in a white shirt is holding a video camera .
a man is looking at something .
a woman is carrying a wooden wire .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a baby is looking at plants .
a baby is wearing a sweater .
a tree covered with leaves .
a baby is looking at a tree .
a small child on a swing .
a baby is standing in front of a tree .
a baby is walking in the rain .
a baby is looking at something .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
two men are in the ocean .
a rock climber flies through the air .
a kite flies through the air .
a person flies through the air .
two dogs playing in the sand near the ocean .
a child on a beach .
a child is shoveling sand .
a boy playing in the sand .
a young boy is playing on the shore .
a person climbing a rock .
a man on a beach .
a person walking down the street .
a mountain climber scales a mountain .
two children are playing with a baby in a room .
children playing soccer .
a person is selling ice cream .
a group of people are jumping .
a group of children are watching adults .
a group of children learning how to cry .
people are walking in a city street .
two children are playing soccer .
five men are standing in a church .
a small dog in the snow .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing together .
girls eating food .
a man in a white shirt is drinking a beer .
a bird flies through the air .
an old man is fishing into the water .
a man is pouring a drink .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a boy is opening a bottle of beer on a balcony .
a child dressed in white is handing out a man in a white shirt .
a man taking a fishing line .
a man working on a project .
a woman puts her feet in the water .
a woman is standing in the spray of water .
a woman is sitting on a rock .
a woman is laying on a rock .
a woman is standing in the water .
a woman is walking on a sunny day .
a woman taking a picture .
a child climbing a wall .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a child climbing a rock wall .
a child climbing a rock wall .
a child climbing a rock wall .
a person climbing rocks .
two women talking on the street .
a man is using a tool to repair something .
a man is standing on rocks .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man reading a newspaper .
two men are in front of a restaurant .
a woman is applying mascara .
a man and woman are standing next to each other .
a man is dancing .
a man wearing sunglasses .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a trick .
two teenagers playing in a house .
a man is walking down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a man performing a trick .
a group of people are sitting on an escalator .
a teenage boy is skating .
a boy and a girl are kissing .
a man laying down on the ground .
a man and a woman kissing each other .
a couple kissing .
two people in a park .
a man is laying down .
a man is sleeping on the ground .
a man with his eyes closed .
a dog walks through the water .
a young man is watching a young boy .
a dog runs through the grass .
people walking down a city street .
a bicyclist jumping off the stairs .
a man riding a bike .
a man rides a bike .
a man painting a picture .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a woman is standing next to a tree .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men riding horses .
a group of people are walking in the street .
two men are riding horses in a rodeo .
a woman in a kitchen .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a woman with long hair is crossing a busy street .
a woman with a yellow purse is running across the street .
two cowboys are chasing a bull in a rodeo .
a boy is fishing into a lake .
a person fishing into the water .
a young boy is fishing .
a child holding a fishing pole .
a group of people walking on the sidewalk .
a group of people walking down a busy street with trees in the background .
there are many bikes parked in the middle of a city street .
a busy city street with people in the background .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a woman sits in a house .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
people gathered around a table .
a construction worker stands next to a construction site .
two men are reading .
a man reading a magazine while reading a magazine .
a group of children playing soccer .
a woman on a subway .
two women , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a pink dress .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing in a line .
three women talking to each other .
three women talking .
three friends talking to each other .
a group of people gathered around a table .
people walking down a street .
a man standing in front of a building .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people in a forest .
a baseball player in the middle of a game .
a young couple walking on a sidewalk .
a baseball player prepares to catch a baseball .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is doing a trick on his motorbike .
a man is eating outdoors .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a baseball player prepares to hit the ball .
a white car is parked in front of a white umbrella .
a person skiing down a hill .
a group of people in a conference room .
people are walking past a car .
a man walks by a wall with graffiti on it .
a woman in a brown suit is walking .
people walking down the street .
a woman cleaning up a bowl .
a group of people are standing near a fence .
two women are standing outside .
women standing outside .
two girls are waiting for a serve .
four people are sitting at a table talking to a man .
four people sitting on a bench .
four men are sitting around a table talking to a man in a white shirt .
four men and a man are sitting at a table .
a man is sitting on a bench talking on a cellphone .
three dogs play in the grass .
a person in a forest in a forest .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs walking through the snow .
three dogs walking in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
three dogs are playing together .
two dogs racing .
three dogs play in the snow .
two dogs run through the grass .
a woman wearing a helmet .
a woman holding a camera .
people are having a conversation .
a child is carrying something .
a boy is balancing a bag on his head .
a boy stands next to a man standing next to him .
a man poses for a picture in a
a man is sitting in a room .
a child rides a toy .
a small child wearing an orange shirt .
a child playing with a toy car .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a child plays with a toy .
a man working on a machine .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man stands next to a train .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is giving a speech .
a man is playing a whistle .
a man blowing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is juggling a sword .
a man is playing a whistle .
a man in a green shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
men working on a building .
two police officers are standing outside .
a girl in a pink dress stands outside .
a group of people are standing around .
a person is looking at something in a car .
a young child is holding a container of plants .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a large stone sculpture of a large building .
a group of men are standing together .
a man wearing a backpack and a backpack .
three men work on a roof .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man getting ready to hit a volleyball .
a group of people playing instruments .
a marching band is marching .
two people walking down a street .
two people running down a hill .
two women drinking beer .
a man on a unicycle listening to music .
a man walks past a rock .
a person playing in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a boy playing in the mud .
a child stands near a pond .
a young child playing in the grass .
a brown dog with a stick in its mouth .
a person is flying through the air .
a woman rock climbing .
three couples are playing music .
a woman rock climbing .
a person climbing a mountain .
a woman climbing up a rock wall .
a bull rider on a bucking bull .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at his fingers .
a woman playing on the beach .
a bull rider tries to lasso a bull in a rodeo .
a bull rider in a rodeo .
a cowboy riding a bull .
a cowboy is attempting to lasso a bull while being thrown by a bull .
a rodeo rider tries to lasso a bull in a rodeo while onlookers watch .
a woman is playing a hula hoop .
a woman hula hoops .
a woman walking down the street .
a man falling off a bull .
a young man teaching a young woman how to make a gun .
a person walking down the street .
a man on a bicycle .
a woman in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
a man is shooting a gun .
a woman in a blue shirt is bowling .
a woman shooting a gun .
a young woman in a blue shirt is bowling at a target range .
a woman is shooting a gun .
a woman shooting a gun .
two children are climbing a tree .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a child is running through the grass .
a little boy is swimming .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a little boy playing in a puddle .
a man in a black shirt .
children walking through the street .
a man smoking a cigarette .
children walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man carries a bag .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a woman in a cap stands outside .
a woman in a blue shirt is smiling .
a blond woman with blond hair .
a lady is walking .
a girl in a pink shirt is blowing bubbles .
a man in an orange shirt is walking along a path .
a man is giving a presentation to a crowd .
a young boy standing on a sandy beach .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man with a guitar sings into a microphone .
a boy swimming .
a little boy playing on a sand dune .
a woman holding a child .
two boys playing on the beach .
people walking down the street .
a couple getting married .
a bride and groom posing for a picture .
two hockey players are sliding down the ice .
a man doing a wheelie on his bike .
people playing hockey .
a wedding party party .
a woman carrying two dogs .
a woman with two dogs and two dogs .
a woman holding a black and white dog .
two dogs are looking at the camera in the photo .
a woman is standing next to a dog .
a woman in a blue shirt is working on a clothesline .
a man in a suit is taking a break .
a woman is jogging .
a woman running .
people walking down the street .
a man is holding a glass .
a group of boys are standing in the shade .
a man playing guitar .
a woman looking into a microscope .
a girl on a balance beam .
a little girl is walking down the street .
a girl doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
two girls are sitting on the ground .
a girl is balancing on her head .
a girl is walking on a balance beam .
two men are talking to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to catch a ball .
two men are working on a project .
four children are looking at a stove .
a group of young boys are talking .
a man in a swimming pool .
a person is standing near a body of water .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man with long hair .
children are sitting at a table .
people in a kitchen .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a group of children are gathered around a table in a kitchen in a kitchen .
four people in a kitchen .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two children in a kitchen .
four children are sitting in a kitchen .
a group of children learning a meal .
a group of children in a kitchen .
a group of young children are preparing food in a kitchen .
a group of dancers dancing .
people dancing on stage .
three dancers dance on a stage .
cheerleaders are performing in front of a black background .
a woman wearing a white and white dress .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a football player holding a football on his head .
a blond woman is singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a baseball cap .
a football player is pointing .
a man in a white shirt is standing at a sports stadium .
a group of people are on a street .
people are looking into a hotel .
a smiling man smiles at the camera .
a cyclist rides his bike .
there is a busy street .
a group of people are working outside .
two people on a bus .
two construction workers are working on a fence .
construction workers are working .
a person standing next to a food stand .
a pilot is standing on the side of a plane .
a couple sitting on a bus .
a person rides a bike through the woods .
a pilot carries a suitcase in his hand .
a group of children eating outside .
a group of people are playing in front of a green tent .
five children standing in front of a tent .
a child in a yellow shirt is playing a drum .
a man is using a microphone .
a group of children are playing outside .
a woman is holding something .
a woman in a suit is walking down the street .
a man is carrying a box in his hand .
a woman wearing a suitcase is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is blowing bubbles .
two women walking down the street .
two men are playing basketball .
a group of people in a race .
two men working on a race car .
a street car is parked in front of some tents .
a man working on a car .
a race car is racing .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog in the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a baby holding a baby .
a baby is holding a baby .
a toddler is brushing his teeth .
two children are playing in the grass .
a person in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
a motorcycle rider is laying on the ground .
a man riding a bike .
a dirt biker in the sand .
a person is flying through the air .
a man rides a bike past a mountain .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man using a laptop .
two people walking down a street .
a man is sitting on a park bench with a laptop .
a man is working on his laptop .
a man is sitting on a laptop .
a woman is walking down the street .
a baby in a blanket .
a boy sleeping in a stroller .
a group of firefighters are walking down the street .
a group of photographers are taking pictures .
children sitting at a table .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
several people are working on a farm .
an older woman looking at an exhibit .
a young man taking pictures .
a man is talking .
a group of people are walking in the middle of a city street .
a man sitting at a desk .
a man is working on a board .
a young man is writing on a chalkboard .
a man is writing on a chalkboard .
a man in a black shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man writing on a piece of paper .
a young boy is sitting in a room .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is standing in front of a counter and a woman in a blue shirt .
a group of people are walking through a marketplace .
a busy street with a lot of people .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
a woman in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a street vendor is standing behind a counter full of people .
a woman working at a grocery store .
a woman working at a grocery store .
a group of people are talking .
a woman in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a waitress is looking at merchandise .
a woman selling produce and vegetables .
a woman selling newspapers .
a person selling produce .
a woman selling newspapers .
a woman working at a restaurant .
a woman standing behind a magazine stand .
a little boy smiles in the water .
a woman in a blue shirt holding a sign .
two boys swimming in a pool .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt and the other in a swimming pool .
boys swimming in a pool .
two boys playing in the grass .
two boys are playing in a pool .
a chef in a chef 's hat is cooking with a knife .
a man in a white shirt is cooking something in a pot .
a man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
a man walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is cooking a pancake .
three people are having a conversation .
a woman walking down the street .
four hikers posing for a picture .
a group of people are smiling .
three people on top of a mountain .
fans watching a race car .
people at a festival .
a child playing in a park .
a group of people gather at night .
skiers at the bottom of a snowy hill .
a guy skateboarding in the air .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder grinds on a ramp .
a blond woman with blond hair is playing a guitar .
a person is riding a boat on a lake .
two women hugging each other .
a group of boats in the water .
people gather outside .
a construction crew is driving .
a man stands on a boat .
a person is standing on the ground at a train station .
three people are sitting on a park bench .
a girl looking at the camera .
a girl in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a woman and a child on a street .
a young woman is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of people waiting for a carnival ride .
a woman is walking through a carnival .
girls are walking through a park .
a young student is looking at something .
a dog swims in a pond .
two girls are sitting at a desk .
a man is working on a stone block .
a man stands in front of a building .
a man in a brown coat is working on a stone block while a man in a blue shirt is working on a stone block .
a bald man with a brown coat is smoking a cigarette in a city .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a stone block .
a man using a hammer .
a man is carving a sculpture .
a man working on an art project .
a man is carving a chainsaw .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two dancers are dancing .
a group of people are walking around a restaurant .
a group of children are playing on a playground .
two dancers in front of a brick wall .
two dancers in front of a wall .
a woman running down the street .
soccer players are playing soccer .
women dancing .
a man is walking down the street .
a young boy playing a game .
people gathered outside .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a little girl is standing on the beach holding balloons .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a person on a beach .
a girl with a flag on a beach .
a girl is running on the beach .
a person dressed in a costume .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman in a black shirt is making a funny face .
a young boy in a room .
a woman taking a picture .
a young girl makes a haircut .
a woman is getting a kite .
people sitting in a dark room .
people sitting at a table .
people at a festival .
a group of people in a room .
two people walking down the street .
two men on a beach .
two men on a beach .
two men are looking at the ocean .
two men on a beach .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men wearing hats and hats .
two men talking to each other .
a woman and child look at something .
an elderly woman is holding a child 's hand .
an older man holds a child in his arms .
a person riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man riding a bike on a ramp .
a classroom in a classroom .
a woman is standing in the rain holding a sign .
a woman looking at the camera .
a girl in a classroom reading a book .
a baseball player runs towards home base .
baseball players playing baseball .
a woman in a colorful dress is holding a tennis ball in the rain .
a young boy sitting on a bench .
two girls wearing sunglasses and sunglasses .
people sitting on a bus .
a group of children sitting on chairs .
three women are walking in the snow .
a group of men wearing suits .
a woman in a white shirt is boxing .
a cyclist on a city street in a city street .
a woman walking through a city .
two people are talking to each other .
a woman is looking at the water .
two people are talking to each other .
a woman is standing next to a body of water next to a body of water .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman stands next to a woman .
people standing on the street .
a woman is smiling at the camera .
a woman is sitting in a car .
a man in a white shirt is pouring something into the air .
two dogs are looking at a cat .
people walking through the snow .
two dogs are looking at a puppy .
a brown dog and a brown dog are biting each other .
a group of people are playing cricket .
two dogs play in the grass .
a doctor is taking a picture of a patient .
a woman is hugging a woman .
a woman in a hospital .
a woman is laying in a hospital bed .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
a man and woman walk down the street .
a man is standing outside .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is looking at his cellphone .
a man in a pink shirt is talking on his cellphone .
a man is looking at a woman .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a woman is standing in front of a man 's hair .
a woman with a yellow skirt on .
a woman in a black dress stands next to a man .
a woman in a leather jacket is walking .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing on a sidewalk .
a skateboarder doing a jump .
a man in a black shirt is laying down on a scaffold .
a person laying on a rock .
a man leaning against a concrete structure .
a man is walking down the street .
a man laying on a large concrete structure .
a man is laying under a stone wall .
a person in a red shirt is sitting next to a road .
a man relaxing under a bridge .
a woman in a white shirt is walking .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a bike rider is jumping over a hill .
a person riding a motorcycle in the air .
a group of adults playing soccer .
a dirt bike rider jumps over a hill .
a toddler is wearing a paper hat and face paint .
a man in a blue shirt is on his hind legs .
a little girl is holding a baby stroller .
two men standing in front of an art gallery .
two men are talking in front of an art sculpture .
a man waits for a train .
a woman in a red shirt is sitting in a stroller .
a woman and a child are waiting to cross the street .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a child sits on top of an adult .
a young child playing with his son .
a man is sitting on his shoulders .
a child is looking up .
a man in a white shirt is working with wood .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
a parade in a parade .
a man watches a child on a swing .
a marching parade in a parade full of people in a parade .
a mother and daughter walking down the street .
two girls walking up steps .
people standing outside of a building .
a woman watches as a woman watches .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a bird .
a boy is holding a bird .
a girl with sunglasses on .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
people standing in the snow .
a child wearing glasses and a hat .
a child in a car and a man in a car .
a girl is riding a bike .
a girl wearing sunglasses is riding her bike .
a woman in a red and white outfit is doing a dance .
a crowd of people watching a crowd of people .
a child running .
a girl holding a camera .
a girl holding a camera .
a little girl holding a toy .
a girl with a camera and a camera .
a child is holding something .
a man and a woman dancing at a party .
a child stands in the snow .
a child stands in the snow .
a person is standing next to a road .
two men work in a truck .
a boy is playing with a soccer ball .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a man rides a skateboard .
a toddler in a blanket is throwing a ball .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a man is cutting a piece of wood .
a man is cooking food .
a man standing next to a grill .
a man is cooking food .
a man is cooking food .
a baby is laying on the floor .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a street worker is sweeping the street .
a group of people outside a building .
a group of people are standing outside .
people walking down a street .
people in a field .
people walking in a city .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people in a field .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a group of men playing basketball .
two women shopping at a shopping cart .
young boys playing in water .
a group of people are standing around a fountain .
a woman is eating dinner .
a woman is sitting in front of a table with a dog and a dog .
a woman is sitting at a table with her dog .
a woman sitting at a table with a dog .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and black dog running through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through snow .
a child is playing with a toy while another child watches .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of kids are jumping around .
two girls are smiling .
three girls jump in a forest .
girls jumping on a trampoline .
three women are rollerskating .
two children ride on a roller coaster .
a roller derby team roller derby .
a group of people in a martial arts class .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
two women competing in roller derby .
a man is singing into a microphone .
people are singing and playing instruments .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman singing on stage with her band .
three people are performing on stage .
people are riding their bikes .
people are standing next to a bus .
a construction worker doing work .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man working on a window .
a man is using a microscope .
a man is doing work .
a group of people waiting for a ride .
two boys are sitting in a toy car .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys are pulling a toy engine in the mud .
two children are playing on the beach .
a group of people standing in front of a church for a wedding .
people are standing in front of a church .
a group of people are standing together .
people standing on the steps of a church .
a man is walking down a street .
two children are sitting in a truck .
a snowboarder is snowboarding .
a dog stands in front of a lake .
a boy jumps on a trampoline .
men working on a project .
a black and white dog jumping .
a black and white dog jumping up stairs .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a woman jumping down a flight of stairs .
a dog jumping off the stairs .
children playing soccer .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a group of boys in blue shirts playing soccer .
a man is working on a snowboard .
a man is sweeping a street .
a man sweeping the street .
a man sweeping the street .
a man is sweeping a brick road on a brick road .
a woman is sweeping up the street in the street .
a person cleaning the street .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a couple kissing at a wedding .
a man is looking through a window .
a man in a white shirt is doing a handstand .
a man is standing in front of a car .
a young man is sitting on a rock .
a hot fire .
two dogs play in the grass .
children playing outside .
two children climbing a statue .
children playing on a statue .
a group of people standing around a table .
children playing soccer .
a person walking down the street .
a man sitting in a chair listening to headphones .
a man in a library is listening to music .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a photographer takes a picture .
a black and white dog is standing in the snow .
a dog in a car .
a dog is sleeping in a car .
a dog sleeping on a bench .
a dog sleeps in a vehicle .
a man rides a wave .
two men posing for a picture on a sunny day .
two men are walking down the street .
two dogs playing tug of war .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a young woman is riding a horse .
a person wearing a hat .
a man working on a train car .
a woman is standing on a stage .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man sitting on a staircase .
a man sitting on steps .
a man sitting on a bench .
construction workers are working .
two people are looking at a mountain .
a mountain covered mountain .
two people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are hanging out of a building .
a person is standing on top of a mountain .
a group of men are standing next to each other .
two people standing on a sidewalk .
a dog shaking water .
a group of men are standing in front of a wall .
an old man is looking at something .
a man swimming in a pool .
people gather at a church .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people are attending a concert .
a group of students waiting for a crowd .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of young children are playing .
a group of people playing soccer .
a smiling man smiling .
a girl poses for the camera .
girls competing in a volleyball game .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman wearing a skirt and boots .
a man is looking at food .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a hat stands in front of a body of water .
a man in a hat is looking through a glass window .
a man looking at the camera .
a man wearing a red hat .
a man is looking at something .
a man wearing a red hat and a red hat is looking at something in a workshop .
a man in a uniform is standing in a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is holding a large glass of fish .
people playing instruments in the street .
a woman and a little boy are sitting on a bed .
a baby is smiling .
a woman playing a guitar while another man plays the drums .
a man posing for a picture on a boat .
two men are working at a construction site .
the little girl is sitting on the ground .
a man holding a child in his lap .
a boy is sleeping in a chair .
a man is sitting on the ground with a boy .
a boy sleeps on his dad 's lap .
a little boy lays in the lap of a little boy 's lap .
a man playing the drums .
a man and a woman are standing next to a woman in a pink dress .
a woman pushing a stroller .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a woman plays a guitar and singing into a microphone .
people on a crowded street .
a man and a woman walk down a crowded street .
people walking down the street .
a man and a woman in a stroller with a child in a stroller .
a man is holding a child .
a man holding a red umbrella .
two people with a red umbrella and red umbrella .
a man holding a red umbrella .
a man with a baby and a baby .
a man and a woman in front of a woman and a baby .
a man plays a guitar while a woman watches .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a woman is listening to a man .
a man plays a guitar while a child plays next to her .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is making crafts .
a man is playing with a dog .
a man holding his hands .
a man is making balloon balloons .
a small white and white dog is jumping .
two men are standing outside .
an elderly woman is sleeping on a bench .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a woman taking a nap .
a woman sitting at a table .
a man pushing a bicycle .
a person walking down the street .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a man is holding a bicycle .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man walking with a bike .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a busy street in a city .
people walk by a street .
a car drives down the street .
a busy street .
a street car going down the road .
a woman with blond hair is holding a microphone .
a shirtless man is sitting on a bench .
a woman working on a piece of paper .
a football player in a white uniform is playing football .
a child is watching a child .
a person skiing down a snowy mountain .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a snowboarder doing a jump .
football players on the field .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a man riding a bike .
a cyclist riding a bike .
a person doing a jump .
a group of police officers .
a little boy is playing with a blue truck .
a group of men on a kayak .
a man with a hat on his head .
a group of people kayaking in a body of water .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping on a trampoline .
a man on a donkey .
a man is pulling a carriage with a man on a path .
a man riding a cart pulled by a donkey .
a man and a woman are walking by a group of people .
a group of women at a club .
men working on a subway platform .
a group of girls wearing white shirts .
two young women are showing a young child how to do something .
three women dancing at a festival .
a group of girls are dancing .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person climbing a rock wall .
a person climbing a mountain .
two people are standing outside .
a man and woman are jogging .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man and a woman are running .
a group of people are standing on a scaffold .
a group of young men are having fun .
a man sitting on a bench .
hockey players are playing hockey .
two hockey players competing in a match .
two rugby players fighting over the ball .
two teams playing basketball .
a man is walking down the street .
two men hold hands while holding hands .
a man is walking down the street .
two musicians perform on stage .
a group of people walking on bricks .
people walking down the street .
two people are talking on stage .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man riding a horse .
a man is sleeping on the steps of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to lasso a cow .
a woman taking a picture .
people gathered around a monument .
people are looking at something .
people at an event .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people gathered at a podium .
a person is sleeping on a bench .
a baseball player is watching a baseball game .
a baseball player swings at a pitch .
a baseball player swings at the ball .
baseball player playing baseball .
a group of soccer players are about to kick the ball .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
a group of people attending a party .
a woman sitting on a rock .
a group of men are looking at the camera .
four men posing for a picture .
a group of men in a restaurant .
four men at a restaurant .
two men are eating food .
a man is playing an accordion .
a boy in a yellow jersey is running .
a man is walking down a busy street in a city street .
a woman is standing in a kitchen holding a baby in her mouth .
a girl is walking through a path with her toy .
a young girl is smiling and smiling .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a group of girls are playing in a park .
a woman is sitting on a rug .
a woman stands in the rain .
a woman is on her head .
a man sitting in a chair .
a little girl is sitting next to her bags .
a girl sitting in a chair .
a young girl wearing a pink and white dress .
a young girl wearing a pink and white dress .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a dog runs through the grass .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a boy is running .
a skateboarder does a trick .
three children are on a log .
two women drinking beer .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is smiling .
a man and woman standing in front of a white wall .
a football player is running .
a football game is being played .
a football player tries to tackle another player .
two football players running on the field .
a football player is chasing another player .
a crowd watching a football game .
three football players compete in the air .
a group of soccer players on the field .
two men playing football .
a dog chases a ball in a field .
a dog is playing with a ball .
the dog is playing in the grass .
a white and white dog is playing tennis .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a woman is eating something in a small bowl .
people talking on the street .
a man is sleeping on a piece of wood .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
two children playing with a white ball .
two people holding hands .
people at a beach .
a woman talking to a woman .
three people are talking .
two men on a boat .
a brown and white dog is running in a field .
two men are having a conversation .
two men are looking across a body of water .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a dog runs through the snow .
two people sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is handing out his hand .
a young girl with a mohawk on .
a group of people holding candles .
a man in a yellow rain jacket is playing the drums .
a man in a rain jacket is playing a guitar while a crowd watches .
a musician playing the drums on the street .
a man playing an accordion .
a man is playing the drums .
a sculpture of a sculpture .
a young man with a beard and a mustache .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a dog plays with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to make a haircut .
a man is looking at a stone table .
a man is kissing a man .
a young man in a museum looking at a statue of a video camera .
a young man is sitting at a table .
a man in a museum in a museum .
a man stands next to a statue of a statue .
a man in a gray jacket and jeans is sitting in a museum .
a woman is reading a poster .
a street vendor is reading a newspaper .
a woman looking at a poster .
a woman is reading a sign .
people swimming .
a man is standing in the water .
a construction worker is looking at a tunnel .
a group of people playing in a pool .
a group of people at a concert .
people walking down a street .
a rock band is performing on stage .
a man is sitting on the ground .
people watching a performance .
two dogs play with a toy in the sand .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a young woman is holding a microphone and holding a microphone .
a man in a suit is talking .
two dogs play in the grass .
a large building in a building .
a group of people are praying .
two men wrestling .
a man taking a picture of a bridge on a bridge .
a person walking down the street .
a man getting ready to take a picture of a bridge .
a young girl in a pink shirt is falling .
the sun sets at the beach .
a person is cleaning something .
children playing outside .
a brown dog is sniffing a tree .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman in a blue shirt is cutting something .
a woman wearing a black shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is cooking .
a woman in a blue shirt is cooking dishes in a bowl .
a woman is holding a tray of bread .
a woman in a blue shirt is cooking .
a woman is applying makeup on her head .
a woman in a blue shirt is posing for the camera .
a woman is putting on her head .
a woman is standing on her head .
a woman is standing up .
a woman in a black shirt is cutting dishes .
a man wearing glasses is sitting in a chair .
two dogs play in the water .
a large crowd of people are walking .
a group of people walking outside .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer player wearing a red and white uniform is about to kick the ball .
two soccer players are fighting .
a soccer player in a blue uniform is running .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a man walking down the street .
people walking past each other .
people walking down the street .
a person is standing in front of a building .
people crossing the street .
two boys playing in the sand .
a group of children are playing outside .
two young boys are swimming .
two boys playing in the water .
construction workers in front of construction workers .
two people standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people wearing white shirts .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding a frisbee .
a person is walking under a lake .
a young boy is kicking a soccer ball .
an older man is playing a trumpet .
a group of people are standing on the sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a man is sitting at a monument .
a man in a black shirt is standing next to two stuffed animals .
a man reading a newspaper on a bus .
two men standing at a bus stop .
a policeman stands at a carnival .
a police officer in a police uniform .
two men are shoveling snow .
two men standing on the sidewalk .
the water is parked in front of the water .
a man is opening a car .
a young girl doing gymnastics .
a young girl jumping into the air .
a young girl jumping in the air .
a woman doing gymnastics .
a girl is drinking a drink .
a man drawing a portrait .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is holding a child in a harness while another man walks by .
a man taking a break .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is standing on a sidewalk next to a man who is trying to get something .
a man taking a break .
a man is taking a drink with his drink .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
two girls are drawing a picture .
a skier slides down a slope .
three people are standing together .
a boy is running .
a man in a black jacket stands in front of a white background .
a person running .
a woman in a white dress is walking .
a woman is fixing a man 's hair .
a man is lying on the ground on the ground .
a woman is helping a man 's hair .
two men , one wearing a red shirt and one in a red shirt and the other in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are fixing the ground .
a man in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue shirt are laughing .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs fighting .
a man and a woman are outside .
an older man sleeping on a bench .
two men are standing in the grass .
two teams playing soccer in a field .
three soccer players trying to kick the ball .
a man sleeping in a wooden chair .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
an old man is sleeping on a bench .
an elderly man is sleeping in a chair .
an elderly man is sleeping on a bench .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people gathered around a memorial .
a group of people are sitting at the edge of a body of water .
a toddler sitting in a chair eating food .
a little girl in a red sweater is brushing her teeth .
kids eating food .
a little girl is sitting in a highchair .
a young girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a boy is holding a sign while walking down the street .
a young boy playing soccer .
two people are standing outside .
two boys playing outside .
two hockey players are playing ice hockey .
a hockey player is playing hockey .
a group of men are standing together .
a little girl smiles .
a woman in a wedding dress is dancing .
a bride is leaving her car .
a bride is taking a stroll .
a bride is standing outside .
two men are in a tent .
a man is giving a speech with his hands .
a man talking to another man .
a man holding a microphone .
two men are talking .
a basketball player dribbles a ball .
a group of boys playing soccer .
a woman smiling .
a crane flying through the air .
a boy plays with a toy .
a boy is sitting at a toy chair .
a child is looking at a toy .
a child plays with a toy toy .
a boy is watching a young boy .
a woman with long hair is dancing with a woman in a suit .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a person is walking down a street .
a woman dancing .
three people are riding horses .
a group of people are riding horses .
three men are having a conversation .
three people riding horses .
people are riding horses .
a child plays with a toy .
a girl in a red shirt is running down the street .
a woman jogging on the street .
dancers performing on stage .
three dancers perform on stage .
dancers dancing on stage .
dancers performing on stage .
dancers dressed in red and black .
a woman with long hair is holding a tennis racket .
two women are playing in the sand .
a group of children are painting an oven .
two children are playing with their arms .
two little girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are working on a project .
two girls are painting .
a person is cleaning the floor in the background .
a child is attempting to kick a soccer ball .
a man is making a mop .
a janitor is sweeping the floor .
a man poses in front of a crowd .
a man and woman dancing .
a bride and groom dancing .
two men are competing in an event .
a couple taking a picture .
two men racing on a track .
two female hockey players are fighting .
a couple dancing at a wedding .
two men are walking down the street .
a football player wearing a red and white uniform is standing on the field .
a group of people are walking through water .
two people are eating a meal .
a man throwing a net .
a man sitting on a bench .
students learning how to class .
a group of children in a circle .
two women walking down the street .
two girls are having fun .
a group of people walking down the street .
a softball player is trying to throw the ball while the catcher is attempting to catch the ball .
a group of people standing around a table .
a construction worker is standing on a construction site .
a person is leaning against a fence .
people in the sun .
two young boys are painting on a wall .
a couple kissing on the grass .
two people are holding hands in a field .
people sitting on a bench .
a man running down a street .
a group of people walking up stairs .
a group of people are walking up stairs .
a group of people on the stairs .
people walking up stairs .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is throwing a bottle of water .
a man with a red bandanna on his face .
a man holding a flag .
a man is waving a flag .
a man waving a flag .
a child playing in a room .
two people are playing soccer .
a brown dog is on a leash .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt laugh .
a brown dog is rolling down a snowy hill .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a dog is playing with a stick .
a boy is watching a crowd .
a boy in a blue shirt is working on a fire .
a child performs a handstand on a stage .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a boy is standing in a crowd .
a man is standing on a street .
a group of runners running down the street .
a group of people walking by a statue .
people walk past a building with a statue in front of them .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black dog in a snow covered field .
the dog is running in the snow .
a black and white dog running through the snow .
a man carrying a camera .
a dog runs through snow .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is walking down the street .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a street vendor selling goods .
a person looking at the camera .
a man rides his bike .
a woman jumping in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man holding a stick .
a man is using a hammer .
a man is standing at night at night .
a woman doing a flip into the water .
a man with glasses and a beard is sitting at a table .
a man working on a building .
a man is looking at a man in a blue shirt .
a man is looking at a piece of metal .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is looking at a hammer .
a man looking at the camera .
an older man working on a project .
an elderly woman wearing a black jacket and a man wearing a black jacket .
two men talking to each other .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people talking .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a person taking a picture .
a man is looking out of a cliff .
a man and a woman are walking down a street .
people walking down a brick path .
people walking towards a mountain .
a group of people walk towards the mountains .
people walking down the street .
people walking by a mountain .
a man on his head .
a child is pushing a stroller outside .
a man walking down the street .
a woman walking with a stroller .
a man and a dog are outside .
people walking through an airport .
a person walking down the street .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a man is standing on a rock .
a boy leans on a rock .
a boy in a red sweatshirt looks at the camera .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a man is looking at birds .
two people walking down a city street .
a blond woman is talking to another woman .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
a man on a cellphone .
a swimmer swimming in a pool .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a boy stands in the street holding an umbrella .
a child holding an umbrella .
a person walking down the street .
a scuba diver in a swimming pool .
a dog playing in the yard .
a boy is holding a red umbrella outside .
a pilot cleans a window .
a man in jeans and a black jacket is walking with another man .
two young girls are fixing a floor .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
two women cleaning the floor .
two girls are making a craft .
a group of people sitting at tables .
three people are standing outside .
a man is cleaning a window .
a boy on a beach .
a pilot cleans a plane .
a man in a costume is kissing a woman .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl is being helped by a young girl .
a child is petting a deer .
a little girl wearing a green shirt and blue jeans .
a woman looking at the view .
people are smiling .
a group of people dressed in white .
a group of people having fun .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of people are dancing .
a woman is sitting at a zoo .
a child is holding something .
a child holding an object .
a girl holding a sign with a sign on it .
a girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a girl standing on a sign .
a girl holding a sign .
a firefighter holding a protest sign .
a woman standing in front of several children .
a woman holding a green sign .
a woman is looking at something .
a group of people standing in front of a crowd of people .
a woman standing in front of a sign .
a girl holding a green sign is holding a green sign .
protesters protesting for a protest .
a woman carrying a bag of flowers .
two women talking to each other .
a woman in a white shirt is applying makeup .
a woman walking down the sidewalk carrying a umbrella .
a young woman poses for a picture .
a woman is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man wearing a black and white robe .
a woman in a white dress is holding a microphone .
a young woman poses for a picture .
a woman poses in a chair .
a woman posing for a picture .
a woman is sitting on a chair .
a child stands on a sidewalk next to a man 's head .
two people pose for a picture .
a young girl is sitting on a bench next to a man 's head .
a person doing tricks on a skateboard .
the man in the blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a boy doing a trick on a skateboard .
a person doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man doing a handstand on a park bench .
a young boy is standing on a rock .
a man is carrying a bike .
a person carrying something .
a man in a blue jacket selling food .
a man is cooking food .
a man in a blue shirt stands in front of a crowd .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a child playing in water .
a woman looking at the sea .
a group of people are playing instruments .
soccer players getting ready for the ball .
two soccer players playing soccer on the ground .
a soccer player is running .
a woman with a purse is looking at the ocean .
two girls standing next to each other .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a man playing a guitar .
a young boy playing with a toy .
two girls standing in a shower .
a man is standing next to a firetruck .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women sitting on steps .
two people are sitting next to each other .
cars parked on a road .
two firetruck are driving .
construction workers are working .
a woman sitting on a bench reading a book .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a couple waiting at a bus stop .
a view of a bus stop .
two people walk towards a bus .
people walking through a shopping mall .
football players on a football field .
two girls are playing in front of a camera .
two girls playing outside .
two girls posing for a picture .
two girls laughing at the camera .
a man on the street .
a person doing a handstand on a sunny day .
a group of people practicing karate .
two men practicing karate .
two men are sitting at a table .
a woman is walking through a crowd .
workers cleaning a road .
a group of people gathered at a conference .
a group of young men are using a microscope .
students in a classroom .
a woman wearing a headscarf .
a group of people are talking .
a group of people sitting around a table .
two men looking at a microscope .
three men looking through a microscope .
a group of people working on a project .
three men are looking at a microscope .
two men are using a microscope .
three men dancing .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a group of people are performing outside .
a man in a blue shirt is standing by a body of water .
a man stands on a rocky beach .
a man standing on a rocky beach .
a man with a hat standing on the beach .
a woman stands on a cliff .
a man is standing on a rock .
a group of people are on the beach .
a man is standing behind a toy car .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in the water .
a man on a jet ski on a ski boat .
a man rides a boat .
a person surfing a wave .
a person is standing on a rock .
three boys are playing on a beach .
three boys running on the beach .
two boys are playing soccer .
a group of children playing on the beach .
three boys playing in a field .
a little girl is pulling a baby .
two boys running down the street .
three boys running down the street .
three boys running on the beach .
three boys are running along the beach .
two children running on the beach .
people on a beach .
two girls walking down the street .
two young girls look into the distance .
a group of children in a city .
two girls are looking at something .
a man throwing a child .
a girl doing a jump on a bicycle .
a person jumping in the air .
a boy throws a gun into a pool .
a father and his daughter in a swimming pool .
a father and daughter are playing with toys .
a man is looking at something .
three people posing for a picture .
a man is using a piece of machinery .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
young boys pose for a picture .
a man working at a construction site .
a person in a costume .
two children are getting ready to go down the street .
two boys are sitting at a table .
a young boy rides a bike with his friends .
an african american child is riding a bike .
a boy rides his bike .
four children are riding bikes .
an african american child is riding a bicycle on a bicycle .
four children are playing together .
a young boy rides a bicycle .
three boys playing soccer .
a young boy is doing tricks on a bicycle .
a boy rides a bike on a ramp .
children playing in the grass .
four children do a trick on a bike .
two children smiling .
a group of young children are posing for a picture .
two children smiling .
two men are standing outside .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
children walking down the street .
two boys playing in the grass .
a woman wearing a purse and a purse .
a man is on a wall .
a boy in a costume .
a child is holding a video camera .
a baby is playing with a toy sword .
a boy is playing with a sword .
people are working on a project .
a blond woman is holding a tennis racket .
a little boy sleeps on an older man 's lap .
a woman on a tennis court .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a woman wearing a white dress .
a woman holding a tennis racket .
a man is looking at dishes .
people looking at a machine .
a group of people are standing around a car .
a person washing dishes and washing dishes .
a person washing dishes .
a person washing dishes .
a woman washing dishes .
a woman in a white shirt putting up a tattoo .
a woman washing dishes .
a musician playing an instrument .
two men playing instruments .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing an instrument .
two men performing on stage .
a man doing work .
people are talking to each other .
a group of people playing video games .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a girl is looking at her bike .
a person sitting on a blue bench in front of a brick wall .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is playing .
a man and a woman are laughing .
people walking down a sidewalk .
a man is talking to another man .
two people are talking .
two people at a market .
a girl in a pink dress is walking .
a girl is making a funny face .
a man holding a camera .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man and woman sitting at a table .
a man and woman are talking .
a woman in a black sweater is listening to a man in a black sweater .
a boy is sitting on a swing .
a child is sleeping on the ground .
a boy sleeping on a bench .
a person jumping into the water .
three people walking near a green object .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man is holding a box .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
a little girl in a pajamas is crying on the floor , while her mom stands behind her .
two little girls are playing video games .
two girls are laughing .
two little girls playing in a living room .
two girls are laughing .
a child is petting a child .
a child is lying on the floor with a child in the background .
children in a classroom .
a child in a hospital mask is laying down on a bed .
two children are sitting in a room with crayons .
a group of children are sitting around a table .
two children playing with a toy .
two children playing in pajamas .
two children are sitting at a table .
two children are sitting on a couch .
a woman holding a little boy 's hand .
two girls playing video games .
a little girl playing in the grass .
three children are looking at something in a paper bag .
a man rides a lawn mower .
people running in a marathon .
two boys playing with water .
a group of young boys in a classroom .
a tree in the woods .
a group of young boys are performing a routine .
a group of children are standing by a wall .
a girl with black hair is holding her head .
a young girl in a white shirt is looking at something .
a child poses with her arms .
people running in a marathon .
a young girl is holding her hands in her hands .
two people are sitting at a desk .
people are riding in a car .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are riding a bike .
a man is pushing a baby stroller .
a man taking a picture .
a group of people walking down a street .
two men playing basketball .
a man and a woman are playing an accordion .
a man is standing in a dark room .
a person riding a kayak .
a woman is looking at something .
a couple sitting in front of a motor scooter .
two people dance for a dance .
two men dressed in red and red .
a man riding a motorcycle down the street .
a person wearing a leather jacket .
a motorcyclist wearing a helmet .
a person riding a white motorcycle .
a man walking down the street .
two girls posing for a picture .
a motorcycle drives down the road .
a man wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of football players in a football game .
football players are tackling each other .
a person wearing a red and white striped shirt .
two football players are on the field .
a woman on a horse .
a woman is standing next to plants .
a man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street with his hands in his pocket .
a man is crossing the street .
a man with a hat on .
a group of children doing a back flip .
a group of young children are doing a back flip in the air while others watch .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip in front of a group of people .
a young man in a blue shirt is doing a flip in front of a group of people .
children are practicing martial arts .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man performing a concert .
a woman washing dishes in a kitchen .
a woman is standing on top of stairs .
a girl is looking out of a railing .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman leans on a railing .
a girl is leaning against a staircase .
a child poses with a duck .
a man is standing in a building .
a motorcyclist is doing a wheelie .
people are waiting for a bus .
a motorcyclist is driving a motorcycle .
a street performer performs on the street .
a person riding a bike on a dirt road .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people on the street .
people riding bikes .
people at night at night .
a toddler poses for a picture .
a child is bowling .
people sitting on a bench .
a man working on a ladder .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman .
a woman looking at the camera .
an asian woman stands in a doorway .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is looking at something .
a dog walks through the snow .
children playing in a park .
three children are playing outside .
a puppy runs through the snow .
a family sitting around a table eating food .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a man is standing on a ladder holding a ladder .
two men are standing in the rain .
two men working on a ladder in an alley .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man holding a ladder on a ladder .
a group of people eating food .
three people are eating .
three people are walking down the street .
two children are sitting by a stream .
four boys are playing outside .
people sitting on a bench .
children playing soccer .
a man playing a guitar .
a young boy playing his guitar .
a young boy is sitting on a couch playing his guitar and smiling .
a man with a helmet on his head .
a man on a dirt bike .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man is riding his bike .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man kayaking .
a woman is holding a bag .
two women are facing each other .
a woman in a red apron is taking a photograph at a store .
a woman selling food .
a woman stands in front of a grocery store .
a woman is buying something from a shopping cart .
a black and white dog jumping over a large body of water .
a man is standing on a grill .
a dog jumps over a body of water .
a dog leaps across the water .
a woman painting a building .
a woman is helping another woman 's hair .
a dog jumps over a body of water .
a man is standing in the snow .
a little boy in a blue shirt is fishing on a lake .
a man sitting at a desk .
a person on a horse .
girls swimming .
girls swimming in the ocean .
two women swimming .
people playing in the water .
two women are playing beach volleyball .
two women playing beach volleyball .
a boy and a young boy are walking down the street .
a woman on a mountain .
a group of people are standing by a cliff .
a family is sitting outside .
a girl is standing on the back of a bicycle .
two girls wearing dresses and dresses .
a man and a woman are outside .
a dog walks through the snow .
a man stands in the snow .
a dog in a swimming pool .
a young girl is crying .
a little girl is crying .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl on a playground .
a little girl is looking at something .
a dog catches a ball .
a black and white dog stands in the snow .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man is standing outside a building .
a woman in a green shirt singing into a microphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of rugby players on the field .
two men are playing basketball .
two men playing football .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man stands in front of a building .
two men fighting .
two men practicing karate .
a group of people walking through the woods .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a group of children are standing outside .
a man wearing a hat .
people waiting at a subway station .
people walking down the street .
a group of people waiting for a bus .
people talking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
people are walking down a street .
two boys are at a concert .
four teenagers talking to each other .
a group of people standing near a firetruck .
two police officers standing next to a crowd of people .
people waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people watch as people watch from the water .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a woman stands in front of a large body of water .
a truck and a truck .
a white dog is running on a hill .
a group of people wait for a train .
a dog runs on the beach .
a band is at a train station .
a man climbing a wall .
a group of people standing on a platform .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
two dogs play with each other .
a dog runs across the beach .
a man playing a game .
a child playing a video game .
two women are talking to each other .
a man is playing a video game .
a man is selling balloons .
a man pushing a cart full of bicycles on the street .
a child selling fruit on a street .
a street vendor selling food .
a man and a woman are walking down the street at an outdoor market .
a man selling food .
a street vendor selling food .
a vendor is selling fruit .
a street vendor sells food .
a vendor is standing on the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
a person sleeping on a bench .
workers in orange vests and hard hats are working in a construction site .
a man is getting a haircut .
a barber gives a haircut .
a woman is standing in a crowd .
a man in a black shirt is walking .
a man in a barber shop .
people at a ceremony .
a man taking a picture .
a market full of vegetables .
a man in a blue jacket is skiing .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs playing in the ocean .
two girls are reading books .
two dogs play in the water .
people are sitting at a table .
a group of friends are sitting on a patio .
a boy is holding a net .
people playing in the water .
a man and a boy are smiling .
a family enjoying the day .
a market market full of vegetables and vegetables .
a woman working on a grill .
a man is cutting a piece of wood .
a boy is playing a pipe .
a group of people on a stage .
a woman is preparing food .
a busy city street in a city .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a woman sitting at a table at a table .
a group of people are walking outside .
a group of people are walking up a snowy hill .
a group of people are gathered together .
a large group of people are walking on a busy street .
people walking down the street .
a woman sitting at a table with a lamp in front of it .
a woman is drinking a drink at a table .
a woman with brown hair is sitting at a table with a glass of wine on it .
a woman holding a glass glass .
a woman is sitting at a booth .
a woman drinking a drink .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman standing in the rain .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl carrying a hula hoop .
a man is playing a game at a club .
a dog runs through the grass .
four people are jumping in the air .
a man preparing food .
a dog runs through the grass .
a child wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people are performing .
a woman is holding something .
a man and a boy fishing .
a child on a dirt bike .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a father and his son play outside .
a boy and his son are hanging out .
a boy plays on the shore of a lake .
a boy plays in the water .
a father and his son are fishing .
a man is walking down the street .
people fishing on the beach .
a man on a beach .
a man and a boy are fishing .
a man and a boy fishing .
a father and his son are outside .
a father and son fishing .
a father and his son are standing on the side of a pond .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man stands on the side of a pond .
the bike is riding down the road .
a man is eating food .
a man is eating food .
an elderly man is sitting in a chair .
an elderly man eats a meal .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a boy in a green shirt is jumping off a swing .
three children are jumping rope .
a group of people are outside .
two girls playing in the grass .
three girls jump rope into the air .
three girls playing with a jump rope .
a man and woman in front of a crowd .
two girls are wearing backpacks .
two girls standing at a counter .
two women in a library in a library .
two women waiting at a table at night .
two people are standing outside .
soccer players play soccer on a field .
students practicing martial arts .
a boy rides a bike .
a street vendor selling various goods .
a girl in a yellow jacket is standing in front of a yellow truck .
people shopping at a shopping store .
a man and woman standing together .
two children are laughing .
a skier doing a jump .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
two women are looking at a group of sheep .
women taking pictures in a box .
a woman is showing her daughter .
a man is sitting at a table .
an older man with glasses and a beard is sitting at a desk with a glass of wood and a glass screen .
an older man stands in front of a store .
a man with glasses is sitting on a couch .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
a man in a white shirt is holding a small wooden box .
an older man is looking at an older man .
an older man holding something .
an old man working on a piece of wood .
a man in a blue shirt is making pottery .
a bald man is holding a piece of wood .
a man is cutting a piece of wood .
a man is holding an object .
a man is holding a chainsaw .
a man is holding up a piece of paper .
a woman in a green shirt is looking at something .
a person swimming underwater .
a swan is flying over a pond .
a bird flies through the air .
a swan takes a picture from the water .
a white bird in the water .
a bird in the water .
a swan takes a picture from the water .
a bird flies through the air .
a swan flies through the air .
a bird flies into the air .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is laying in a pool .
a man running on a sidewalk .
a man jogging in a marathon .
a man running in a race .
a young boy is eating fruit .
two women are sitting at a computer .
a boy is wearing a blue hat .
a toddler eats a snack outside .
a toddler eats fruit outside .
a toddler is eating ice cream .
a toddler is eating a piece of fruit .
a toddler is playing with an apple .
a little boy eating fruit .
a child on a swing .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a mother and son are playing outside .
a dog stands in the water .
a woman in a wedding dress dances .
two motorcycle riders racing down a road .
a band is playing music .
an old man playing an accordion .
two men in a gym .
a band performing on stage .
a man dressed in a white costume .
an old man playing an accordion .
a man playing a guitar .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a boy laying in the street .
a kid rides a skateboard .
a young girl holding a baby .
a man is holding a guitar .
a boy is standing on the ground .
a man is cleaning a tree .
a man walking down the street .
a little boy is fishing into a lake .
a person is standing outside .
a man is playing in the water .
a brown dog with a toy in its mouth .
a man and a woman are watching a baseball game .
a person in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a man in a green shirt and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are talking .
a man in a green shirt and jeans is sitting in a green chair with his eyes closed .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is sitting at a table .
an older man is smiling .
people walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy is riding a bike .
football players in blue uniforms play football .
a young boy is holding onto a rope .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a boy is standing on a bar .
a group of men are waiting for something .
two men are sitting on benches .
a group of men standing in a bar .
a group of people looking at something .
two men are looking at the ground .
a man on a boat in a boat .
a man is operating a boat .
a man on a boat .
a man drives a boat .
a person walking down the street .
a woman playing a video game .
a man is holding a cellphone .
two boys are looking at the floor .
a group of children working on a project .
three guys doing a back flip .
two men are practicing martial arts .
two men are looking at something .
a group of men are jumping in the air .
a man does a trick on a ramp .
young men doing tricks in the air .
teenagers sitting at a table .
a man is giving a speech .
a little girl is holding a toy .
a woman in a brown coat is looking at the camera .
a man doing a handstand .
a person on a street corner .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man doing a handstand on the beach .
a man is standing in front of a bottle of water .
a man performing a trick .
a man doing a handstand .
a man is balancing on a bottle of water .
a person doing a handstand on a balance beam .
a group of people taking pictures .
a man paints a painting of a painting .
a person climbing a rock .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping .
a person is doing a handstand .
a person on a rock .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man painting a picture .
people are crossing a street .
a climber in a forest .
a man painting a picture .
a man is walking through a fish market .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking .
a man in a black hat is standing in a market .
a man walking through a shopping area .
a man in a fish market .
a person stands in front of an advertisement .
a man with his head up .
a man in a baseball cap stands in front of an advertisement .
a homeless man stands in front of a sign .
a man wearing a hat .
a man with long hair is sitting on a bench .
a man standing in front of a display .
a man standing next to a food stand .
a man stands in front of a food stand .
a man in a black hat stands next to a display of food .
a man standing in front of a counter .
a man wearing a hat .
two boys playing basketball .
children playing a game .
a boy playing soccer .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of children playing soccer .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball .
three young men are playing soccer .
a man is walking his horse .
an asian woman is preparing food .
a group of people standing outside .
a woman talking to a microphone .
a woman with a microphone is holding a microphone .
a woman in a white dress holding a microphone .
a singer is standing on stage .
a group of people are standing outside .
a chef is preparing food .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man wearing a hat .
a man in an apron is cooking in a restaurant .
a chef working on a stove .
two people jumping on a trampoline .
three young girls are waiting for a train .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a person wearing a santa hat is sitting on a crowded street .
a man sitting on a wagon in the street .
a man is pushing a cart .
people waiting at a train stop .
men working in a garden .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of men are getting ready to cross the street .
a bicyclist rides a bike .
a young man is helping an elderly man .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a yellow purse .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a man jumping off a rock into the ocean .
a man jumping into the air .
two men jumping off rocks .
a man jumping off a ramp .
several people are walking down a street .
a child smiling while holding a bottle .
people are standing outside .
people at a concert .
a person jumping off of rocks .
a rock climber jumping off of a rock .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
police officers riding horses in the city .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of people are dancing in the air .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of people dancing and dancing .
a group of people at a party .
a girl wearing a pink dress .
a woman in a white shirt is lifting a camera .
a little girl in a black shirt is sprayed flowers .
a young girl carrying plants in a garden .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
two people are standing in front of a hotel .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a girl is blowing bubbles in a body of water .
two dogs playing with toys .
two people wearing hats .
a street performer is dancing .
a man is helping a young boy how to do something .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man dancing in the street .
two people talking to each other .
a man is jumping next to a car .
a man is walking down the street .
a family at a store .
people shopping at a market .
a family stands in front of a store .
three people are looking at food .
a food vendor is standing on display .
a woman holding a camera .
a woman taking a picture .
a person holding a camera .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman holding a camera .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a body of water .
a man and a child are working at a museum .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a small child is jumping over a trampoline .
two girls are jumping on a trampoline .
a boy is playing with his hands .
a baby is holding a baby in the air .
a boy is jumping in the air in the air .
a young boy in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
people are walking down the street .
a girl holding a tennis racket .
a girl is playing volleyball .
a girl in a black shirt is walking .
a woman holding a stick in her hand .
a man on a boat is standing on a river .
children on rocks .
a young girl is playing tennis .
two men are having a conversation .
a man is talking to a security officer .
a street vendor selling food .
a man is walking in the rain .
a man is eating candy .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
a girl sits in front of a lake .
a small child is laying on the edge of the water .
a little girl sits next to a lake .
a young girl sits in front of a body of water .
a child is playing soccer .
a woman is standing near a body of water .
a child throwing rocks into a pond .
a child throwing rocks into the water .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a child throwing rocks into a pond .
a child is playing on the beach .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a girl is holding a baseball bat .
a group of students gathered around a presentation .
a group of children are making a craft .
a little boy is pouring water on a baby .
a little boy is playing with a baby .
a baby is playing in the water .
a little boy holds a baby .
a little boy is holding a baby .
a group of men look at a large screen .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
construction workers are working on construction .
workers taking a break .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of workers are taking a break .
a baby is holding a baby .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a child sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a chair .
a child on a ride .
a person skiing down a hill .
a group of men are working together .
a group of people are performing .
a hiker is looking at the mountains .
a man and woman are fighting .
people practicing martial arts .
two martial artists compete .
a young boy playing soccer .
a man poses for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is working .
a young boy sits on a swing with a cat behind him .
a group of boys are playing soccer .
a woman wearing a white robe .
two men playing basketball .
men playing basketball .
a boat with a boat in the background .
a boat in the water .
two men are on a canoe .
there are boats in the distance .
three men playing instruments .
a girl is sitting on a rock .
a man standing in a hallway .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
an asian man is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is standing in a hallway .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a board game .
a woman is playing a game of jena .
a man playing a game .
a group of people playing a game .
a woman playing a game .
a group of people are outside .
two men standing next to each other .
two women wearing glasses .
a group of people are walking under a bridge .
people are standing outside .
a man walking down the street .
a person in a red jacket is skiing .
a person in a red shirt is riding on a ramp .
a person is skiing .
a person wearing a yellow shirt and yellow pants .
a person wearing a yellow shirt and yellow pants .
people are walking down the street .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
person snowboarding on a snowboard .
a guy does a trick on a snowboard .
two children playing on a playground .
a child is hanging from a tree .
two children are playing on a large toy toy .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man sits under the sun .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man is sitting on a chair holding a bottle of water .
a man wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap is looking out the window .
a cowboy watching a bull at a rodeo .
a man in a green shirt is riding a horse .
a group of people riding horses .
a group of people watching a group of people .
a person fishing on a boat .
a man on a bucking bronco .
a girl in a blue shirt is holding a little girl .
a woman is holding a child .
a man and a child are outside .
a child playing with a toy .
a child playing in the sand .
a group of children are playing on a playground .
a child plays in the grass .
a child smiles at a child in a playground .
a child playing with a toy .
people are sitting at a table .
a baby and a woman in a white dress .
a person riding a bike .
a man carving a chainsaw with a chainsaw .
a woman smiles as she holds a baby .
a man working on a project .
a man is using a hammer .
a man on a bmx bike .
two boys are having fun .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two children are looking at an animal .
a group of people standing on a hill .
a group of people are standing on a hill in a dirt area .
a group of children are watching a small child .
a group of people are looking at something .
a boy in a plaid shirt is laughing .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a boy is riding his bike .
a boy in a bathroom .
a child rides a bike .
a group of people are crossing a city street .
cars race down the street .
a group of people standing outside a building .
two cars are racing in a race .
two race cars racing on a racetrack .
a group of people at a sporting event .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a child is wearing a safety vest .
soccer players on the field .
produce stand in a market .
an older woman and a young girl are walking .
young women walking down a city street .
three women walking through a city .
three women walking .
two girls walking through a neighborhood .
two men are standing outside .
people in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt is swinging a tennis racket .
two people fighting each other .
a man in a green shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a man kicking another man on the ground .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two men are wrestling .
two people fighting .
a small child in a blue shirt and a hat .
a child is hanging upside down on his head .
a child is sitting on the ground .
a little boy is hanging over his head .
a woman is holding a ribbon .
a woman is drinking wine .
a blond woman is sitting at a bar .
a woman pouring wine .
a blond woman is pouring a glass of wine .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a blue ribbon while standing in a yoga pose .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is in a kitchen .
a young child dressed in red .
a young child is brushing his daughter 's hair .
an asian woman is hugging a child in a salon .
a woman is crying crying .
a boy and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people watching a kite .
people enjoying the beach .
people are walking around an old city .
three dogs in the snow .
a man is smiling .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man is eating a drink .
a man working with wood .
a child on a scooter .
people are walking down a street .
a blond woman is taking a picture in a park .
a woman in a pink dress and a woman in a pink dress are talking to a large group of people .
a young woman is taking a picture on a green lawn .
a young girl posing for a picture .
two men are talking to each other .
a little girl is reading a book .
a group of men in white shirts are sitting on a bench .
a man is eating a drink .
a group of men playing pool .
a group of young men are sitting at a table .
a man giving a presentation .
a child is reading a book on a couch .
two men talking to each other .
two girls are smiling at a table .
a mountain climber takes a picture .
two construction workers are working on a construction site .
two men fishing .
two men are trying to catch a frisbee .
a man fishing in a boat in a boat .
a man fishing on a boat in a boat .
two men fishing in a small boat .
two boys are holding hands .
a man is looking at something in his hand .
two men working on a large machine .
a man working on a machine .
a group of kids playing on the road .
people are walking on the street .
people are standing in front of buildings .
people are walking past a restaurant .
people walking through town .
a couple walking down the street .
two children playing with a toy toy .
a boy wearing a blue shirt .
a child is walking behind an adult .
a man throwing a football .
a man is playing guitar .
a group of people on stage .
a man playing a guitar .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
two people going down a hill .
a group of young girls posing for a picture .
a group of girls pose for a picture .
a group of girls are looking at something .
two girls pose for a picture .
a group of people are having fun .
two boys playing on a hill .
two boys holding hands .
a couple having fun .
two people are walking down the street .
a woman holding something .
two boys are playing in the water on a sunny day .
a dog is looking through a window .
a woman is giving a speech .
a group of people are preparing food at a table at a table .
a little girl is eating a cake .
a woman is making a funny face .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a person in a swimming pool .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer flies over the water .
a surfer is surfing in the ocean .
a young woman walks by a market .
a soldier and a man in a suit .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a suit speaking into a microphone .
a man sitting in a library .
a soldier is giving a presentation .
a man is talking to a man .
a young child in a swimming pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
a young woman is singing into a microphone .
a boy is standing next to a tree .
a man working at a factory .
a man kissing his wife .
a bride and groom kiss at a wedding reception .
a couple kissing .
a couple kissing at the camera .
two boys playing soccer .
a couple kissing .
a man is playing golf .
a man working on a machine .
a woman is standing next to a counter .
a woman is making a glass in a kitchen .
a woman is carrying a cup .
a woman jumping into the air .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a cup in her hand .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a man is holding an object in his hand .
a child is jumping in the air .
a girl in a purple shirt with a purple stripe on her head .
a girl in a purple shirt is weaving .
a young man working on a project .
two girls are talking to each other .
a girl is working on a project .
two women are looking at art .
people looking at a large poster .
three people are looking at the camera .
three people are looking at a map .
three people are looking at the camera .
three people looking at something .
a group of young people are sitting at a table .
a man is looking at something on his head .
people are standing around a food stand .
people looking at art .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
people preparing food .
a man is kneeling on the ground .
a group of photographers taking pictures .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a group of men with guns .
a group of people are gathered together .
a man and a woman in pink dresses .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a man and woman dancing in a competition .
a man and woman holding hands .
a couple dancing .
a group of people are standing in front of a counter .
a woman selling goods .
a man is shopping at a market .
men walking down a street .
a street vendor is selling fruit on a busy street .
two young people walking down a street .
soldiers marching in front of a crowd .
a man holding a sign .
a woman on a horse .
a man holding a megaphone .
a person riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt standing outside .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man standing next to a sign .
a man is talking to a group of people .
a man giving a speech .
a person sitting on a bench .
a dog walks along the water .
two men are walking down the street .
a boy is standing in a boat .
two men fishing in a boat .
a group of people are sitting in a canoe .
a man and a child play with toys .
a woman is smiling .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a man in a black shirt sitting on a bench .
people swimming in water .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
a group of people on the beach .
a group of people are sitting on a rocky beach .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
people sitting on a grassy beach .
two young boys are sitting at a table .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting at a table in a chair .
a group of men are looking at a woman .
a group of people are gathered together .
a woman sitting on a chair .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a woman in a pink shirt laughing .
a group of football players are competing in a race .
a dog is sitting on the ground .
a group of people playing soccer .
a football player is on the field .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a bird is eating .
a bird is eating food .
a kid rides a skateboard .
two people are swimming in a pool .
two people swimming in a swimming pool .
two people swimming in a pool .
people swimming in water .
two swimmers swimming in the water .
a little girl in a pink dress .
two swimmers are swimming .
a group of people in a lake .
a man and a woman in a swimming pool .
a man is standing on the ground .
two women walking down the street .
a man and a police officer are standing outside .
a man is walking away from another man .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a police officer is walking away from a police officer .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is walking away from the camera while another man walks away from the camera .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a man walking down the sidewalk carrying a bottle of water .
a man in a black and white striped shirt and blue shorts is holding a stick in his hands .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a man walking down the street .
a man wearing a black shirt .
two women are cooking .
baseball player throwing a baseball .
two girls sit next to a tree next to a tree .
a baseball player in a blue uniform is holding a baseball .
a man in a black shirt with two women .
a little girl is brushing her hair .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a person is sitting in a building .
men standing in line at a restaurant .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a brown horse in front of a horse .
a man riding a horse on a bucking bronco .
a group of people are sitting at a bar .
a man riding a horse .
a dirt biker rides a dirt road .
a dirt biker is airborne .
a dirt biker is airborne .
a snowboarder jumps off a ramp .
people walking down a street .
children playing with a net .
a snowboarder is snowboarding .
a person snowboarding .
people watching a snowboarder .
a person snowboarding on a snowboard .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man taking pictures of a crowd .
a woman holding a plastic bag .
a man and a woman are standing outside holding something .
a man and a dog are outside .
a man and woman standing on a city street .
a woman carrying a large plastic bag .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a woman is sewing .
an orchestra performs on stage .
a band plays in an auditorium .
a person in a swimming pool .
a group of people playing their instruments .
a group of people playing their instruments .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of students are practicing martial arts .
a band is playing music on stage .
two people riding on a train .
a man is reading a cigarette .
a person in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
a woman reading a newspaper on a train .
a man surfing a wave .
two people are looking at the train .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing in the ocean .
a group of children are performing on stage .
a group of children are taking a break .
two children dressed in costumes .
a group of children are playing a game .
a skateboarder performs in front of a crowd .
a skateboarder does a trick on his skateboard .
a man does tricks on a skateboard .
a man and a woman are playing volleyball .
a man skateboarding in front of a crowd .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man rides a skateboard in front of a crowd of people .
a man is putting on a board on a board .
a man working on a machine .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a woman holding a paper .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
a woman holding a bouquet of flowers .
a woman is standing next to a house .
a woman is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a little girl is being helped by a little girl in a pink dress .
a man is looking at something .
a man working on a machine .
a person in a jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are working in the air .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a man is holding a machine .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a child plays with a toy .
people are standing outside of a fish market .
two women are standing in a street .
a man and a child are at a fair .
a man is sitting on a ride .
a man is walking down the street .
a man helping a little girl on a ride .
people walking around a plaza .
a person in the sand .
kids skating in a roller rink .
a woman holding something .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man is standing in a crowd .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man on ice skates .
a person doing yoga .
three men in reflective jackets are pulling a load of hay .
three men are digging a hole in a hole .
three men are pulling a car out of a ditch .
a bulldozer drives through a hole .
a car drives through a field .
four men are working in a garage .
a tractor drives down the street .
three men are working on a lift .
four men in a lift .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a hose .
people walking down the street .
two men work on a tractor .
two men wearing hard hats are working on a car .
a man is walking past a man on a motorcycle .
a girl in a white shirt is walking .
a girl in a bathing suit swims in the water .
a woman playing a guitar .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman wearing sunglasses are talking .
a car takes a picture .
a couple performs on stage .
a man and woman are on stage .
a guitarist performs on stage .
a group of people playing guitars .
a woman is holding a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing an accordion .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child on a ride on a ride .
a child in a toy .
a firefighter is holding a sign .
a fireman standing next to a firetruck .
the cars are parked on the street .
a firetruck with a flag on it .
firefighter standing next to a firetruck .
a man taking pictures of a group of people .
a man is working on a machine .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants .
a man with a dog standing next to a dog .
a person walking down the street .
two men are talking to each other .
a large crowd of people are walking past a large crowd of people .
two children playing in a gym .
a little boy running .
a dog runs through the water .
a man singing into a microphone .
a young girl wearing a red dress .
a group of people playing a game at a fair .
people at a festival .
a group of people at a carnival .
people at a carnival .
a carnival game is being played .
two children are standing on a sofa .
a group of people are walking .
a person skiing in the snow .
a person snowboarding .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a man snowboarding .
a man is standing on rocks .
a woman walking down the street .
two people walking down stairs .
two people walking down the street .
people walking down steps .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a small child stands near a tree .
a little girl is playing outside .
a smiling man is smiling .
a couple kisses their wedding cake .
a bride and groom are kissing .
a bride and groom cutting cake .
a woman cutting a cake on a wedding cake .
a bride and groom look on .
two people cutting cake .
two people cutting a cake .
a newly married couple kissing .
people on a sunny day .
a man is working on his home .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a man is carrying a child .
the brown dog is digging in the snow .
kids playing on a swing .
a dog digging in the snow .
two children smiling at the camera .
two children playing in the grass .
two men are talking on cellphones .
a young man is giving a speech .
two people are standing in front of a building .
a man is walking down the street .
construction workers work on a roof .
three construction workers are sitting down .
three construction workers are working .
construction workers are doing construction .
a woman is looking at her bag .
a group of people are working at an event .
a woman looking through her purse .
a girl is looking at her legs .
an old man painting a building .
a woman is looking at her purse .
a man in a blue shirt is kneeling down .
a hiker stands in the snow .
a man is playing guitar .
a band is playing music .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
there are buildings in the background .
a large building with graffiti on it .
people enjoying a sunny day .
a busy city street .
a group of people walking down a city street .
a man sitting in front of a red car .
a man poses for the camera .
a man is walking down the street .
an asian man wearing a hat and a hat is posing for a picture .
children playing in a sprinkler .
a group of children playing outside .
a boy is jumping in the water .
a boy is jumping into a sprinkler .
a man is holding a guitar .
a child holding a hose .
a boy is sitting on a deck .
a young boy drinks from a green house .
an older man playing a guitar .
a boy is drinking water in the water .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man drinking a drink .
a woman holding a baby .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a group of children are playing outside .
two dogs running across the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a car drives down the street .
a man is holding a gun .
a group of children are playing a game .
a man is looking at the camera .
a dog flies through the air .
two girls pose for a picture .
a boy holding a guitar .
a young boy poses for a picture with his hands .
a baby is wearing a cowboy hat .
a group of people at an event .
a child is climbing a rock .
a little girl holding a baby .
a man is playing tennis .
a baby is brushing her teeth .
an older man with a blue bucket is painting a window .
a man in a black jacket is digging a hole .
a person in a jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
three workers are working in the forest .
a man is digging a hole .
a worker in a hard hat .
a girl swings on a swing .
a child is playing on a swing .
a child is playing in the snow .
a police officer in a yellow vest is smoking a cigarette .
a police officer on the street .
a child playing with a toy .
a man is getting ready to hit a carnival game .
a man holding a child .
a baby holds a baby .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man sweeping with a broom .
two firefighters are examining a large vehicle .
two people in a vehicle .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men are driving a race .
a group of people on motorcycles .
a man is walking down the street .
a race car in a race .
two people riding bikes down the street .
two men racing on a track .
a woman is sitting on a table .
people are swimming in the water .
people are standing in the ocean .
a black and white dog .
two dogs play in the snow .
the snow is covered in snow .
people walking down a street .
a man performing a trick .
a singer singing into a microphone .
a bird in the water .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
two girls picking flowers .
two girls are playing on the floor .
two girls playing in the grass .
two girls are playing outside .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people are looking at something .
a woman is standing in front of her head .
a woman standing next to a man in a pink dress .
two boys in soccer uniforms are standing on a field .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
children standing on a field .
children at a soccer game .
two children in soccer uniforms play soccer .
a small dog playing with a toy .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a skier is skiing down a slope .
a man is walking down the street .
a person skiing .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man laying down on the ground .
three men are sitting on a curb in front of a convenience store .
people sit on the curb in front of a building .
a man is taking a nap outside .
a man is lying down .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
people sitting on a bench .
a person sitting in a chair .
two women walking through the grass .
a woman walking .
people sitting on concrete steps .
a woman in a green tutu is dancing with a woman in a green dress .
a woman in a costume is walking by .
a young man is looking at a young woman .
a person swimming in a pool .
a woman in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man and woman are standing in a room .
people enjoying a carnival ride .
a man sitting on a laptop .
a group of people talking .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two men are at a table .
two men are singing .
a group of musicians are playing music .
a man in a gray sweater and hat sits in front of a monument .
two women walking down the street .
people are standing outside .
two young boys are cleaning fish while another looks on .
a boy is cutting a fish .
two young boys are sitting at a table .
two children are doing work .
a person is holding a knife .
a football player in a white uniform is running .
a dog is walking .
a dog is walking around a pond .
two men pose for a picture .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
a dog is running through the snow .
two men fighting in a fire .
a couple hugging .
a man is giving a presentation to a group of children .
a man is wearing a red sweatshirt .
a man is talking to someone .
a woman is sitting at a desk looking at a computer .
a man is giving a presentation .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a person climbing a rock .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man climbing a cliff .
two people are on a boat .
two men fishing in a boat .
two men are standing on the beach .
a boy is reading a book .
a man rock climbing .
a man and woman are looking at art art .
a child reads a book in a room .
a boy reading a book .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a woman points at art .
a woman is putting on a board .
a young woman wearing a blue shirt is pointing at a group of people who are looking at something in front of them , looking at something on display .
a woman looking at a drawing .
a woman is pointing at a painting .
a man is walking between graffiti .
a man using a hammer .
a dog runs on the grass .
two dogs running .
a man is standing between two graffiti .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
people dancing .
a group of people dancing .
people dancing .
a woman wearing a black dress .
two people dancing .
two dancers dancing on stage .
two dancers dance .
two people are dancing .
people dancing .
a man riding a dirt bike .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a man wearing a helmet .
a man riding a dirt bike down the road .
a young man riding a dirt bike .
a person is wearing a helmet .
a young man is riding a dirt bike .
a man is walking down the street .
a baby is holding something .
a race racer in a race .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a girl poses for the camera .
a child wearing a blue hoodie .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a dog in a lake .
a woman in a black shirt is smiling .
two young boys are pushing a soccer ball on a ramp .
a group of people walking down a street .
a parade of people in a parade .
a parade in a parade .
people in a parade .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are playing on a playground .
two men pushing a wheel wheel .
a little boy writing on a piece of paper .
a woman is chasing a young child .
a toddler is holding a ball .
a little boy is holding a ball .
children playing in the water .
a man and a girl are playing a game .
a baby holding a plastic bag .
two people are standing next to each other .
two people hugging each other .
a woman wearing black .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two people wearing black .
a man and woman are hugging each other .
a woman in a black shirt is smiling .
two people hugging each other .
a car is parked on the street .
two people hugging each other .
a team playing soccer .
several people are sitting on a subway .
people in a subway train train .
a woman holding a child in a gym .
a woman in a white shirt is painting .
a woman is jumping into a gym .
the sun sets in the sky .
a woman is holding a child in a gym .
a girl and a girl dance outside .
two women wearing coats .
a class of martial arts students .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man is drinking a drink .
a woman in a white shirt is waiting for something .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman wearing a hat .
a black dog swims with a ball in its mouth .
a man stands in front of a building .
a man is holding a fishing net .
a dog swims in the water .
people are walking down the street .
a man rides a bike .
a man and a woman look at each other in front of an art gallery .
a group of people are crossing the beach .
people are walking down a street .
a hiker on a mountain .
a group of people are sitting in a tent .
a group of people are outside .
people are standing in front of a building .
people are gathered in front of a large tree .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a child holding a hand .
a man jumping on a track .
a basketball player trying to block the ball .
a man with a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a boy is jumping over a pile of wood .
a female athlete jumping .
two boys playing soccer .
two scuba divers swimming in the ocean .
a group of rugby players on the field .
kids playing soccer .
five men are playing instruments .
four men are sitting and playing instruments .
a band is playing music .
a man rides his bike .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a man working on a window .
a woman running on a field .
a man paints a shop .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is shaking something .
a woman in a white dress is looking at something .
a man giving a presentation to a crowd .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man giving a presentation .
a man is speaking in front of a video presentation .
a man stands in front of a video presentation .
a man picking up trash .
a construction worker working on the road .
a worker in a hard hat is picking up trash to cross the street .
a worker is standing next to a street .
a man cleaning snow .
a worker picking up trash on the street .
a group of people are outside .
a man working on a roof .
a man wearing a vest .
a man is holding a stick .
construction workers wearing reflective vests and reflective vests .
a man in a hard hat is standing in the street .
a lady is wearing headphones .
a woman in a black and white coat .
a woman wearing headphones .
a man in a yellow safety vest is kneeling in the street .
a man is sitting next to a man sitting next to him .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men standing next to each other .
a man is standing on top of a building .
a man is looking at another man .
three men are sitting in front of an orange building .
two men are standing on the roof of a building .
a young boy playing basketball .
a dog runs down a red slide .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman is blowing into a bouquet of water .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
a woman is holding a stick .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
two girls , one wearing a blue shirt and one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are dancing .
a woman holding a flower .
a woman standing in a field .
a football player holding a ball .
a woman is blowing into a dandelion .
a skateboarder jumps off the ground .
a white bull is on a bridge .
a little boy playing soccer .
a boy is kicking a soccer ball .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man is kicking a soccer ball in a grassy field .
a child kicking a soccer ball .
a group of people are walking around on a sunny day .
two children are jumping rope on a trampoline .
two children are jumping rope on a trampoline .
two young girls are standing in front of a yellow wall .
a woman directing traffic .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman is directing cars .
a person directing traffic .
a woman in a yellow shirt is riding a bike .
two dogs playing together .
a police officer is talking to a car .
a policeman is standing in front of a car .
a police officer is directing traffic .
a police officer directing traffic .
police officers standing in the middle of a road in the middle of a road .
a police officer is directing traffic .
a police officer standing outside .
a girl is walking through the woods .
a young girl is playing outside .
a girl walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a little girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of children in winter coats .
a group of young children having fun .
children participate in a relay race .
a family is reading a book .
a black and white dog running in the grass .
four people are sitting around a table .
a family poses for a picture .
family sitting on a bench .
a group of people gathered around a table .
two men are sitting at a fruit stand .
a man and woman are smiling .
a group of people are sitting and talking to a group of people .
a group of men and women having a conversation .
a group of men and women are hanging out .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a boy rides a bike with his hands .
a group of people playing a game .
a young girl is sitting on a rock .
a child plays with a toy .
a girl throwing a soccer ball .
a little girl is playing outside .
a group of people are smiling .
a girl in a gray tank top is holding a glass of glass .
a man holding a woman 's hair .
a man with a mohawk is sitting on a bench .
a man with a beard is playing a board game .
a man is playing a video game .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with an axe .
a woman and a man are laughing .
a man is running with a ball .
a black and white dog jumping into the water .
a soldier gives a fire .
a biker is riding his bike through the air on his bike .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people are playing cards .
four men and a woman are playing cards .
people sitting at a table playing cards .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of people are playing cards at a table .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of children are playing outside .
two children playing in the water .
two children play in the mud on a sunny day .
a woman on a beach .
a middle aged man is sitting on a yellow bench reading a newspaper .
three young boys are playing soccer .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a child jumping on a trampoline .
a small child jumping .
a child sliding down a slide .
a little boy jumps into the air .
two girls are looking at each other .
a family is taking a picture of a family .
kids playing on a playground .
adults and children are gathered around a playground .
children playing outside .
a group of people are playing in a field .
a group of children playing soccer .
a man is holding a camera with his hands .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman is trying to throw a ball .
a boy splashes into the water .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man jumps into a pool .
a boy jumps into the water .
a man jumping off a rock .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
an older man is standing on a rock .
a little girl is eating cake .
a group of people wearing black .
a group of women , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are dancing .
a young child is holding up a basket .
a man playing a guitar .
a man speaks into a microphone .
two bicyclists ride down the street .
a line of cyclists in a line .
two people wearing red and white costumes .
two bike racers racing in a race .
a man in a black shirt is playing an accordion .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a child is sitting in a cart .
a blond haired boy in a brown sweater painting a colorful umbrella .
a man is working on a ladder .
a woman sitting on a moped .
a young man is using a red umbrella .
a woman on a scooter .
a man is looking at something .
three people , one with a black and white , and white dog , are playing in a tunnel .
a man wearing a hat .
a man wearing a blue cap and blue cap .
a man is looking at something .
a man is swinging a stick at a pinata .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a stick with a stick at night at night .
a man throwing a stick at night at night .
a man standing in a city .
three people talking to each other .
a man is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a man rides a bike in traffic .
a man and a woman are swinging at a pinata at a pinata .
a child is standing on a rock .
a man is looking at the beach .
a man is standing outside a building .
a boy rides a scooter .
a group of people at a bar .
a person riding a bike .
a man is looking at a plane .
a man and a woman are standing on a van .
a person riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
two men riding motorcycles .
a woman looking over a railing .
a man standing in front of a store .
a woman standing next to a railing .
a woman in a pink jacket stands next to a body of water .
a man repairing a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a scaffolding in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a man with a tattoo on his head .
a man working on a machine .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a dog is playing in front of a crowd .
a group of children are gathered at a table .
a dog jumps in front of a crowd .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are talking in a white room .
a man standing outside .
a snowboarder on a snowy day .
a woman is holding a baby .
a mother holding a baby .
a woman is looking at a cake .
two people riding bikes .
a dog runs through the snow .
a mother holding a baby .
an asian woman talking on a cellphone .
three children playing soccer .
football players playing football .
a man and a girl are looking at a child .
a man wearing shorts and a blue shirt .
people hiking on a trail .
a man and a girl in a forest .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a climbing wall .
two children playing in the snow .
a child plays with a toy .
teenagers in a city .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of boys walking down the street .
a group of students are playing soccer .
a group of boys walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered together .
a woman is using a hospital bed .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a little girl brushing her hair .
three boats in the water .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a large group of seagulls on a boat .
two people are on a boat .
a group of boats on the water .
people are eating food .
two girls laughing .
two women are standing in a room .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog jumps in a pool with a yellow dog in the pool .
two dogs playing with a pool .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in a pool .
two dogs play in the water .
a woman talking on her cellphone .
two boys playing outside .
a man working at a construction site .
a group of men are standing together .
a group of men are standing in a military ceremony .
a group of men are operating a firetruck .
people are playing instruments .
a brown dog running on the grass .
protesters are marching .
children playing soccer .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
children playing in the leaves .
a little girl brushing her hair .
people in a wooded area .
two dogs play in the snow .
children jumping in leaves .
children posing with a snowman .
an elderly man with a black and white striped shirt is holding a drum .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people holding flags .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is getting a haircut .
a group of people talking outside .
a man wearing a black shirt .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two people walking down the street .
a group of people are praying .
a group of people are relaxing .
a group of people are standing in the sun .
a group of people watching the sun .
people are hiking in the snow .
a man standing in a doorway .
two women are playing piano .
a baby is making a funny face .
a young child is making a mop .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a man selling fruit .
two men are talking to each other .
two men posing for a picture .
two young men posing for a picture .
a group of friends at a party .
two boys are at a party .
two men hugging each other .
a man standing next to a van .
a group of children are waiting for a race .
a man is standing next to a trailer .
a man wearing overalls is standing on a ladder .
an old man walking up stairs .
a person in an airport .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit is carrying a suitcase .
two kids riding their tricycles down a track .
a man is standing in a subway station .
a man cleaning a tree .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a person walking up stairs .
a skateboarder does a jump .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a man is holding a camera .
a man taking a picture of a camera .
a boy walking down the street .
a young boy walking on a snowy day .
a person is walking down the street .
a boy walking on a path .
a boy in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
a boy walking through the grass .
a boy on a scooter .
a musician playing the drums .
two children are listening to a man playing guitar .
a man is standing outside .
a man playing guitar on a sidewalk .
a man is playing a guitar .
a boy playing the drums .
a young woman is holding a video camera .
a young woman walking down a street .
a woman in a park .
a black and white dog jumping .
two motorcycle riders racing on a track .
two women pose for a picture .
two people riding a motorcycle .
three young children are rollerskating in a courtyard .
four children are rollerskating .
two children , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are sitting on a bench .
children playing outside .
three children are standing in front of a building .
a black dog is standing on a counter .
a woman wearing a dress .
a child is playing with snow .
a dog jumps .
a child in a blue coat is standing in front of a house .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is working on a roof .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through a grassy field .
a black dog running .
a construction worker wearing a hard hat .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man holding a dog .
a building with graffiti on it .
a girl holding a sheep .
a man in a red and white striped shirt is standing in front of a building .
a tennis player prepares to serve the ball .
a woman playing tennis .
a young woman is waiting for her opponent .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a person is swimming underwater .
a woman looking at a gun .
a blond woman with blond hair is laughing .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling .
a man riding a horse .
a man painting a picture of a building .
a group of young people are gathered together .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman standing outside a building .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking past a brick building .
a person is walking down the street .
a man rides a skateboard .
a toddler walking in a blue outfit .
a child walking under a tunnel .
a child stands on a sidewalk .
a child stands next to a statue .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man with a pink umbrella is holding a red umbrella .
two men playing instruments .
a group of men playing instruments .
two men playing instruments .
men playing instruments .
a band plays on stage .
two people on a mountain .
a woman is cooking a meal .
a man stands in front of a door .
a girl holding a flag .
a woman is playing with a man 's hair .
a woman with a beard is sitting on a couch .
a woman is playing with a man .
a woman is laying on a chair on a chair .
a woman is playing with a man .
a blond haired woman wearing a blue shirt .
a woman walking down a sidewalk .
a girl looking at the sky .
a couple sleeping on a bench .
a girl with glasses is sitting on a couch .
a person walking down the street .
a child is standing next to a window .
a group of people are skiing .
children playing outside .
a man is serving a group of people .
a guy laying down on the ground .
a brown and white dog is walking through the snow .
children playing on the beach .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a person in a brown jacket is looking at art .
a person in a white shirt is riding a bike through the woods .
a man is looking at a piece of art .
a man is looking at something .
a group of people standing outside .
a dancer dancing .
a man looking at art .
a woman is rock climbing .
a woman is looking at something .
a man is looking at something .
construction workers working at a construction site .
a construction worker wearing jeans .
a construction worker wearing jeans .
a woman in a black shirt is putting her head .
a group of basketball players playing basketball .
basketball players are tackling each other .
a man taking a picture of the water .
a group of young boys playing football .
a man is looking out over the water .
a man on a surfboard .
a group of football players with red jerseys .
a man climbs a cliff with a sunset in the background .
a man is standing in a grocery store .
a swimmer poses for a swimming pool .
a person diving into a pool .
a woman sitting on a bench looking at her cellphone .
a woman looking at the phone .
a girl is sitting on a rock wall .
a man kayaking in the water .
a person playing in the water .
a man pushing a cart full of food .
a group of people are sitting on a bench next to each other .
a man is standing next to a food cart .
street vendors walking down the street .
a little girl slides down a slide .
a man is working on a cart .
a man rides a board in the water .
a man in a tan jacket is looking at something .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are looking at a tree .
two men are looking at a tree .
two men are standing next to a tree .
two men wearing orange hard hats .
a little girl plays with toys .
a boy with a mohawk and sunglasses .
a dog is standing on top of a slide .
a man watching a man in a blue shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a woman is taking a break .
a man running .
a girl doing gymnastics .
a person doing a handstand on a bike .
a woman is cooking food .
a woman in a blue coat is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue jacket looks at two dogs .
a group of children playing basketball .
kids playing with toy toys .
a group of kids playing with toys .
three children are playing on the floor .
three children playing with toys on the floor .
two boys are standing in front of each other .
kids playing with toys on the ground .
three young boys are standing around a building .
three boys are playing in the grass .
two women carrying bags walking down the street .
a photographer holding a camera .
a man walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man in a green shirt is looking at the rain .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man with blond hair holding a camera .
a woman walking through town .
a man is taking a photograph .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people picking up vegetables .
a little boy slides down a slide .
a man is standing in a house .
a security officer stands in front of a firetruck .
a worker looks out of a window window .
a person looking at something .
a worker is driving a truck .
a man sits in front of a vehicle .
a truck is sitting in a truck .
a pilot is working on the street .
a firefighter stands in front of a gate .
a security guard stands next to a gate .
a pilot is standing on his shoulder .
a man in a van .
a boy swimming in a pool .
two police officers on horses .
workers taking a break .
a person walking down the street .
a man stands in the woods on a cloudy day .
a group of people in boats .
a woman working on a loom .
two men are watching another man .
a man is walking down the street .
two men standing next to each other .
a construction worker is looking at something .
three construction workers stand outside .
a group of children jumping on a trampoline .
a man in a green shirt eating .
a man is eating .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a man is eating .
a woman standing next to a food stand .
a person stands in front of a table full of people .
a woman in a pink dress is standing in a crowd .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a woman stands in front of a crowd .
a woman is standing next to a table filled with jewelry .
a group of people playing with a dog .
a person stands next to a forest .
a woman working on a loom .
a group of people standing next to each other .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a dog sits on a pier .
a black and white dog is jumping .
many people are walking on the street .
a man stands next to a body of water .
a street vendor sells food .
people are standing in front of a store .
two men are standing in front of a store .
a group of people are standing outside of a market .
a child is filling a bucket outside .
two dogs wrestle in the snow .
two women sitting on a bench .
a female athlete at the olympics .
a group of women sitting on a bench .
a couple sitting on a train .
four people are waiting for something .
three women sit on a bench .
a boy and a woman are smiling .
a man sitting on a bench .
three men are sitting in front of a campfire and drinking beer and talking .
two girls are dancing .
a girl in a white shirt is standing on a stage .
a group of men standing around a truck .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person is waiting for something .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping over a toy airplane .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a yellow toy airplane in his hands .
a man skateboarding .
a lady in a white shirt is playing with a toy .
a person is using a toy .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman with a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing with a hula hoop .
a woman playing with a toy .
a dirt bike rider is airborne .
a motorcyclist doing a jump .
a woman in a white shirt is bowling .
a woman is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
two people in a field .
a man riding a motorcycle .
protesters are walking on the street .
people are sitting at tables .
a group of people sitting outside .
a woman sitting in front of a large booth .
two people on a mountain .
a couple poses in front of trees .
a girl in a classroom .
a couple posing for a picture .
people are walking down a street .
a little boy is posing for the camera .
a child poses for a picture .
a little boy looking at the camera .
a boy looking at the camera .
a little boy stands in front of a wall .
a dog in the snow .
a boy walking down the street .
two men in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a man with a hat and a hat .
a group of people are working on a car .
two girls dancing .
a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump .
a girl in a black dress is dancing with a piano .
a woman is pouring drinks from a bottle .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a woman stands next to a body of water .
a blond woman with blond hair is mixing something in a bar .
a woman stands in front of a mirror .
a bartender is making a drink .
a woman is pouring a drink .
a man on a train .
a woman looking at pottery .
a man is sitting in a trailer .
a woman is looking at a table full of items .
a street vendor selling food .
a group of people on a street .
a dog is running through the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
two children are standing on a beach .
a boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans .
three children are playing outside .
two boys are playing in the water .
children playing in the sand .
three young boys are playing on a beach .
three children are playing on the beach .
two boys are standing in front of a body of water .
a man sitting in front of a building .
two men in a crowd of people .
a young couple holding hands .
a couple walking down the street .
two women holding hands .
two men racing on a track .
a construction truck is driving cement .
a man and a woman in red swim trunks look at the water .
a person walking on a path .
a person jumping into the water .
two men are running .
people walking down a city street .
two construction workers wearing hard hats and hard hats are bent over .
a man holding a sign .
a soldier holds a gun .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a group of children gather around a table .
a skateboarder flies through the air .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding .
a man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a construction worker stands next to a flag .
a man standing next to a flag .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing at his opponent .
a boy in a costume on a bike .
a child rides a bike .
a boy in a red costume is dancing .
a man is leaning against a truck next to a truck .
a young boy opening a birthday cake .
a child rides a bike in a parade .
a black and white dog stands in the river .
people walking down the street .
a brown dog is shaking off the snow .
a dog is carrying a frisbee .
a group of people riding bikes .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman is giving a presentation .
a photographer is taking a picture .
a woman in a flower store .
two women are running down a street .
two asian women are standing in front of a crowd .
a young woman is looking at something .
a man is pouring water from a bucket of water .
people buying food at a market .
a clown is performing a trick .
three men are smiling .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man in a suit is laughing .
people standing outside .
three men having a conversation .
three men are talking to each other .
a group of people are standing outside talking to each other .
three men are talking .
two men are smiling .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
two men smiling .
a man smiling while smiling .
two men smiling .
two people are preparing food .
a woman is applying makeup .
people walking down a street .
a man in a green shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a green shirt playing the drums .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a child is playing on the beach .
a child is standing on a sidewalk .
a girl in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a girl in a sweater is sitting on a couch .
people walking through the woods .
three people are running .
a little girl is brushing her hair .
a group of men in white shirts are running .
a man in a uniform is standing outside a building .
a security guard standing in front of a gate .
two police officers in front of a building .
a young man kicking a soccer ball .
a soccer game is being played .
a soccer team wearing blue and blue .
a boy is standing on a rock .
two men playing soccer .
a girl showing her tongue out .
two people are playing with snow .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
a man is playing guitar .
a couple enjoying the day .
kids playing in the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a fire .
people walking down the street .
two people on a motorcycle .
a woman in a yellow outfit is holding a digital camera .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is riding a bike .
a man is riding a unicycle .
people riding on a vehicle .
two people riding a motorcycle .
two women laughing .
two women laughing .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
two women are smiling .
two young boys are playing basketball .
two women laughing and laughing .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a newly married couple smiling .
a group of people getting married .
people at a wedding party .
a street performer is performing .
an asian couple getting married .
a man riding a horse .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man holding his hands in his hands .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a building .
a man standing in front of a building .
a family taking a picture .
a crowd watches a horse .
a man is standing on top of a ladder .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman walking with a shoe store .
a woman carrying a shopping bag on the street .
two hockey players are playing hockey .
a dog walks through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through a field .
a black dog is walking on the sidewalk .
a building in a building .
a man jumping in the air on a snowboard .
a man is snowboarding on a snowboard .
a man is shoveling snow .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a child pushing a sled through the snow .
runners running down the street .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
people running in a city .
people watching a race .
people running in a marathon .
two dogs are playing in a pool .
a man in a white shirt with a look on his face .
a man with a white hat on .
people walking down a street .
a woman and a man are laughing .
women walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a baseball player prepares to catch a ball .
a goalie diving into a pool .
a goalie diving into a net .
a goalie playing in the water .
a goalie prepares to block a shot .
a man at a festival .
an old man walking along a hill .
a man in a brown hat is sitting on the beach .
a pitcher in a red and white uniform throws a pitch .
firefighters working at a fire .
a woman in a dress is walking down a narrow path carrying a pink bucket .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a girl is holding a bucket .
a woman carrying a bucket of water .
a woman walking down a path .
two men working on a fire .
a dog swims with a duck .
a crowd gathers at a concert .
two men work together .
a girl jumping through water .
a group of people in a classroom .
a group of friends having fun .
two children are smiling and smiling .
two children are smiling .
children smiling .
a group of kids playing in a park .
a boy and girl laughing .
a little girl is laughing .
a group of children are smiling .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of young boys in a classroom .
two boys are sitting at a table .
four people are having fun .
a teenage boy talking on his cellphone .
two men are working on a wooden branch .
two men are looking at a tree branch .
two men standing next to a fallen tree .
two men are looking up .
two men are looking at a tree branch .
two men are standing outside .
a man is standing in a building .
a man walking down the stairs .
a man standing in front of a podium .
a man speaks into a microphone .
two men stand behind a podium .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a singer performing on stage .
a man is playing an instrument .
people playing instruments .
a man plays an instrument in front of an orchestra .
an orchestra is playing a musical instrument .
an orchestra performs on a stage .
a band is playing music .
a man in a blue shirt is working .
two musicians are performing on a stage .
children sitting at a table .
children sitting at a dinner table .
a family taking a picture .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
three young people talking on cellphones .
a young man with glasses is sitting at a table .
a worker painting a building .
an asian man in a white shirt is standing on the street .
a man with glasses is sitting on a couch .
a man posing for a picture .
a little girl is holding something in her hand .
a little girl in a yellow shirt with a yellow shirt .
a girl playing with a pinata .
a girl is playing with a pinata .
a girl is looking at a party .
a group of people are standing outside .
a young girl playing with a young girl .
a young girl sits outside .
a man stands in a boat .
a girl in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man walks through a rocky area .
two men are standing outside .
a man in a restaurant .
construction workers working in a tunnel .
a little girl playing on a swing .
a woman is hugging a man .
a woman with brown hair .
a woman is standing next to a man .
a woman with blond hair is holding a microphone .
a young child in a pink outfit is crying .
a couple having a conversation .
a person jumping on a hill in a park .
two women wearing colorful clothing .
a person in a swimming pool .
a helicopter takes a picture of the water .
a helicopter flies through the air .
a man jumping down a hill .
a man is doing tricks on a skateboard .
two men , one wearing a white shirt and one in a yellow shirt and the other in a white shirt , are riding a kayak .
a construction worker is sweeping .
a man sweeping the street .
a dog pulling a cart .
workers cleaning up a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a blue shirt .
a man is sitting on a cart .
an old man pushing a cart full of people .
a girl in a bathing suit on the beach .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking a volleyball .
a woman is running through the sand at the beach .
a woman on a beach .
a woman is giving a speech at an event .
a man is climbing up a cliff .
a man in a white shirt with white hair .
a group of young people in a field .
a person climbing a cliff on a cliff .
a man standing next to a grill .
a man standing on a platform .
a man with a hat and a hat .
people fishing off a pier .
a person wearing a red shirt and black pants .
a person with a backpack is climbing a ladder .
a rock climber climbs a ladder .
a man climbing a ladder .
a man climbing a ladder .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps over a pole .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog jumps over a pole .
two people posing for a picture .
a person climbing a rock .
a man fishing .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a young girl is eating .
a little girl is eating .
a woman laying in a bikini .
two dogs on the beach .
a child is making a craft .
a group of people holding a sign .
children playing outside .
a man rides a scooter .
a group of people playing in the sand .
a blond haired man with blond hair is playing a guitar .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through the snow .
a dog in the snow .
a brown dog is standing outside of a house .
a dog is playing in the snow .
the snow is covered in snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
the black dog is in the snow .
two dogs are fighting in the snow .
a dog in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog in a yard .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a group of children playing football .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men holding a sign .
a group of people looking at a paper .
people standing on a sidewalk .
people walking down the street .
a group of people in front of a memorial .
a man in a pink shirt is holding his arms .
a man walking down the street .
a girl is standing in a room .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a rope on a sunny day .
men holding a sign .
a man in a white shirt pulling a raft .
a man is pulling a rope .
a woman is taking a break .
a man is walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman sitting in a chair .
a woman is looking over a wall in front of a building .
a woman is riding a bike down the street .
a fan at a game .
a group of children are gathered around a rail in a classroom .
two young boys are playing in the sand .
two people standing outside a restaurant .
girls playing outside .
a woman and a man are walking down the street .
a ballerina is in a church .
two men are playing instruments .
two people waiting on a train .
a car drives down the street .
two men are holding a camera and talking to each other .
two men are standing outside .
two men standing next to a van .
two teams are playing soccer .
two children are playing in a pool with balls in the background .
two men playing a game of tennis .
two people playing a game .
two men playing a game .
two men are playing chess .
a group of men are looking at something .
two men are hanging out of a building .
two men are playing a game in a building .
two men playing a game .
a group of people playing in the water .
people walking past a building .
a person doing a flip on the water .
a man doing a handstand on the beach .
a wakeboarder does a flip .
a man playing a guitar .
a young boy eats ice cream .
a young boy eats ice cream .
a young boy eats a treat .
a young boy eats ice cream .
people are grilling food .
a young boy eating ice cream .
two girls are laughing .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a woman in a blue shirt is jogging .
a woman is throwing a javelin .
a woman throwing a javelin .
a woman throwing a javelin .
a woman in a blue shirt is jogging in a race .
a child is looking at toys .
a little girl is playing with toys .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man is holding a briefcase .
people sitting on a bridge .
two dogs play in the water .
three people are looking into the water .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
the water is in the water .
a motorcyclist rides in traffic .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses .
a lady walking with a cane .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a lady sitting on a bench with a cane .
three people walking down the street .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman and a little girl are smiling .
three asian girls are dressed in traditional garb .
three girls are walking under a wall .
two girls kissing .
two women hugging each other .
a band performs on stage .
two women are kissing each other .
a man skiing .
a man rides a scooter .
a group of athletes playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
two players playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer players are playing soccer on a field .
a dog catches a tennis ball .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man with short hair painting a picture .
a man painting a painting .
two soccer players trying to catch the ball .
a young woman sits next to a waterfall .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a lady is sitting on the ground holding a stick .
an asian woman is holding a hose .
a woman is sitting on scaffolding .
a girl in a costume .
a child is learning how to dance .
a little girl is walking down an alley .
a person in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
a surfer rides a wave .
a waterskier flies over the water .
a young girl is doing a flip .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman sitting in a chair in a chair .
a man and a woman are reading a book .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman reading a book .
a man wearing sunglasses .
people looking at something .
a man holding a sign .
a man is walking down the street .
a man holding a protest sign .
a man holding a sign at a protest .
a man is walking down the street .
a man holding a sign .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a boy stands next to a dog .
a boy stands in front of an exhibit .
a boy is looking at something in a glass .
a small child looking into a glass door .
two men drinking beer .
two men are drinking beer .
two men having a conversation .
men standing outside .
a man standing in a building .
a pilot standing in an airport .
a man standing in front of a building .
a pilot is standing next to his luggage .
a pilot waits at an airport .
a man is reading a newspaper while reading a paper .
a woman walking down the street .
a man reading a newspaper .
a woman wearing a white hat is sitting on a couch .
a man in a blue shirt is about to catch a rifle .
a man is pointing at a rifle .
a man is holding a dog .
a man holding a rifle .
a man shooting a gun .
a man is standing next to a dog .
a man shooting a gun at a rodeo .
a man in a white shirt is pointing at something .
a woman sitting in a field .
a man playing guitar .
three people are playing tug of war together .
people working in a tunnel .
a group of workers wearing orange vests are working on scaffolding .
construction workers are working on scaffolding .
a group of people wearing orange vests .
two people laughing .
an older man carries a young boy .
a group of children are playing .
a group of children are laughing at school .
two people in a room .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman in a lab coat is cutting something in a lab .
a dog runs through the grass .
a young child is playing with an orange balloon .
a class of students in class .
a man in a red and white uniform is holding a sword .
a man sitting in a chair .
a golfer takes a shot .
a girl poses for a picture .
a man hiking down a mountain .
a child runs down the street .
a woman holding a blue umbrella .
a person holding an umbrella .
a child playing in the sand .
a little boy is jumping .
a young boy jumping in the air .
a small child is playing in the snow .
a girl is talking .
a boy looking at trees .
a hockey game in a hockey game .
two men standing next to each other .
three men standing outside .
a group of men standing outside .
two men standing in front of a building .
two men are talking to a man .
a man in a suit stands next to a man in a suit standing next to a sign .
a man in a black shirt is cutting something .
three men are talking to each other .
two men in hard hats are talking to a man in a business suit .
three women holding umbrellas .
a young boy wearing a blue hat and a baseball cap .
a soccer player wearing a red and white uniform kicks a soccer ball .
a person is standing on a field .
two men playing basketball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a dog jumps in the air .
two teams are playing soccer .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a dog jumps over the grass .
a group of people are standing around a house .
a group of people outside a building .
people standing in front of a house .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a woman wearing a helmet .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a woman wearing a face mask smiles .
a woman in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a child is using a telescope on a board .
a woman is taking a picture .
a black dog walks through the snow .
a young girl plays in front of a band .
a young lady dancing in front of a band .
a party party .
a girl standing on a sidewalk .
a girl is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is waving his hand .
a group of people on the beach .
a man is walking down the street carrying a suitcase .
a city street in a city .
a man sitting on the sidewalk .
people jumping on the beach .
a man is walking past a man .
a group of people are standing on the street .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a man and a child are walking down the street .
two people are standing next to train tracks .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man riding a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
people walking down a street .
a dog runs through the park .
a man is eating food .
two men holding signs .
a group of people at a rally .
a brown dog is playing with a ball .
a child on a bus .
a group of children on a stage .
a man playing an accordion .
a boy on a train .
a group of young children in a parade .
a group of people at a hotel .
a group of children are dancing with their fans .
a crowd watching a tennis match .
a man on a city street .
two girls are laughing .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people crossing the street crossing the street .
a girl with a pink hat and pink hat .
a toddler is climbing a fence .
a little girl is playing outside .
people are crossing the street .
a child climbing a fence .
people walking down a street .
a group of people are watching a tennis match .
a group of men are fishing on a pier .
a woman is sitting in the street holding a fruit .
a city street in a city .
a goalie shooting a puck .
a group of children are playing outside .
two people are cutting something .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a group of people running around a track .
a man reading a paper .
a man is holding a newspaper .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is reading a paper .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in a pool .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a little boy playing in a pool .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people are eating food .
a child playing with a blue ball .
a man wearing sunglasses sits on a bench .
a group of people on a beach .
two young men look off into the air .
a man fishing in a boat .
a couple walking .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside .
a woman with a purse on her head .
three people walking .
three people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a man is walking behind a couple .
a man and a woman are outside .
a man and woman walk by a building .
people walking down the street .
a man and woman walk down the street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people wearing helmets .
a team of soccer players waiting for the ball .
a football team is pointing off .
a dog is running down a flight of stairs .
a football team is playing football .
a skateboarder in midair .
two men are looking at something .
a man is holding a book .
a group of women are walking down the street .
three people are walking through a parking lot .
women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
three women walking through a parking lot .
a man walking down the street .
a busy city street .
a group of men talking to each other .
two men are having a conversation .
two boys are standing on a sidewalk .
three men standing against a wall holding a poster .
a group of men are hanging out .
a man sitting on a bench .
a woman drinks from a bottle .
a boy holding a poster .
two elderly men are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting at a table .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a bus takes pictures .
two people are sitting in the back of a vehicle .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a truck .
a person riding a bike .
people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a truck is parked next to a van .
a man is looking out the window .
a woman is walking in front of a restaurant .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a woman walking on a sidewalk .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman walking past a banner .
a person in black pants walking down the sidewalk .
a woman walking on a sidewalk .
a woman walking past an advertisement .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is standing next to a street .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
a chef wearing a white apron is cooking a meal .
a butcher is preparing a fire .
a chef is preparing a fire .
a woman is looking at something in a cardboard box .
a group of people preparing food .
a man and a woman are at a flower shop .
a man and woman are shopping .
a man and woman in a market .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is riding on a large wave .
a horse in a rodeo .
a woman riding a horse down a sandy beach .
a woman is riding a horse at the beach .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people skiing on skis .
a man playing the cello .
two women are shopping .
people are eating .
a woman with blond hair is holding a child .
a woman holding a child .
a woman carrying a young girl .
two people are practicing martial arts .
two men are looking through a fence .
a man is looking at something .
two men are walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink dress swinging .
a woman is brushing her hair .
a child is playing on a swing .
a group of girls are sitting on a bench .
a toddler playing with a hula hoop .
a group of children are playing together .
a person hiking up a mountain .
a group of young children playing in a gym .
a woman in a white dress is dancing .
a man holding a plastic bag .
a man with a beard stands on a sidewalk .
a man with a white beard is carrying a white cup .
a man looking at something .
a person in a blue shirt is looking out the window .
a man with a beard is laying on the ground with his eyes closed .
a man is working on a dirt floor .
a woman cutting a bar .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a flip .
a man is grinding a hole in a pumpkin shop .
a man with a beard .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people eating at a restaurant .
people eating at a restaurant .
a group of women are eating .
people eating at a restaurant .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is walking next to a woman .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is holding a cup .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
people in a room .
a woman in a white shirt is knitting .
a woman and a woman are holding a shopping bag while a woman holds a shopping bag and a woman standing on a pole .
a group of people holding drinks .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a group of people are standing in the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is running his bike in a race .
a person is fixing a bridge .
a man wearing glasses .
a man is looking at the camera .
an older man looking at the camera .
a man is looking at something in his hand .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a biker jumping off a ramp .
a businessman walking up the street .
a man is singing on stage .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man playing the drums .
two men working on a bicycle in a garage .
people shopping in a store .
two men working on a bike .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a bride and groom are shopping in a grocery store with umbrellas .
a man taking pictures in the snow .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is standing next to a plate of food .
a man selling items on the street .
a man at a market .
a man is selling vegetables .
a girl is sitting on a chain link fence .
a little boy is standing on the ground .
a woman is standing in the street .
a woman looking at something .
a woman standing in the road .
a woman on the street .
a woman stands in the middle of the road .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a woman is looking at the sky .
a little girl holding a toddler .
a man reading a newspaper .
two girls playing outside .
three girls are walking down the street .
three girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of children playing outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is looking at the sky .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a man riding a bike .
a man is reading a newspaper .
two martial artists perform .
two people are smiling .
men on a field .
a man and woman are standing next to a tree .
people standing next to each other .
people dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a man riding a bike on a dirt path .
two men walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking through the woods .
two men are working on a fire .
people hiking in the snow .
two men are operating a fire .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a homeless man holding a sign in his hand .
people are walking in the street .
a homeless man is holding up a sign .
a man holding a sign with a sign .
a homeless man is selling fruit .
a man in a blue shirt is speaking .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a homeless man sitting on a bench .
a person holding an object .
a homeless man holding a sign .
a homeless man is walking .
a little boy is playing on the beach .
a young boy with rain boots is walking outside .
a young boy walking in the rain .
a boy walking in the park .
a little boy is walking in the park in the park .
a boy is standing on a rock .
a blond boy is walking down the street .
a blond boy is walking down the street .
a blond boy is walking along the beach .
a young boy walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue hat is fishing in a boat .
a boy walking down the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a black dog chases a ball in a field .
an older couple smiling .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people in a room .
a man riding a motorcycle on the street .
a group of people taking a picture .
a race car is racing on a track .
a racer is racing .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a motorcyclist is racing .
two dogs play in the snow .
two men are walking and smiling .
two dogs biting each other .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs on the beach .
men walking down the street .
two people walking down the street .
two men are having a conversation .
a girl in a blue helmet is sitting on a dirt bike .
a young girl is sitting on a hillside .
a girl in a blue shirt rides a bike .
a young girl rides a bike on a dirt course .
a girl in a black shirt is riding a tricycle .
a young girl wearing a helmet is sitting on a car .
two women talking .
a child is playing in the snow .
a group of girls sitting at a bar .
two women talking to each other .
a man taking a picture .
four people are riding bikes .
people are walking down the street .
a group of children playing in a play .
a baby eating .
a baby is sitting in a chair .
a young boy is sitting on a bed with his eyes closed .
a baby is taking a bath .
a young child is eating .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking .
a group of young children posing for a picture .
a boy is talking on his cellphone .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a large group of people are painting a building .
two men drinking beer and drinking beer .
a man is talking to a man .
a man is talking to a man holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is walking next to a man who is walking by .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
four people walking down the street .
a man with a beard and a mustache .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a child is standing in front of a crowd .
children standing on a sidewalk .
a man on a golf course .
a group of young people gather in a street .
four people walking down an escalator .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of men drinking beer .
two men are having a conversation in a bathroom .
two men are standing next to a man in a blue sweater .
three men are standing together .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
three men are standing in a circle .
a man is working on his bike .
two women walking down the street .
a blond woman in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a video game .
two dogs are running through the snow .
a dog running in the grass .
a dog runs through a field .
a dog with its tongue sticking out .
two dogs play in the grass .
a dog in the grass .
two women walking down a street .
four children at the beach .
two people are standing on a sidewalk .
three women are sitting on a bench .
three women are sewing .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two women are having a conversation .
three women are sitting on a bench and working .
a young girl is taking a picture .
two women smiling .
a person riding a bicycle .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a woman is sitting next to her head .
three men are looking at a model train .
a man standing outside a building .
a man is kissing his friend .
a man is playing the violin in a restaurant .
people are walking down the street .
a man with a box on his head .
a man with a beard on his head .
a young man in a black shirt is jogging .
a man with a backpack and carrying a backpack and carrying a backpack .
a man running a marathon .
a man in a black shirt is jogging .
a man running in a race .
a man jogging .
a man and a man are riding a motorcycle down a road .
a man is standing in front of a sign .
a man jumps over a pole .
a man in a white shirt is doing a handstand .
a man performing a trick .
baseball players playing baseball .
a man is sitting under a wooden structure .
a man hugging a woman .
a child kicks a soccer ball .
a man cooking food .
people eating .
two people are looking at something .
a group of people are gathered around a picnic table .
a group of people in a building .
people are eating .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is running down the street .
a young boy leans over a fence .
a young boy leans on a railing .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a man is standing on rocks .
two men wearing white shirts .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men fighting each other .
two men in a wrestling match .
two men fighting .
an elderly couple riding an escalator .
a group of people walking up stairs .
a man and a woman are having fun .
two people are riding an escalator .
two men fighting in front of a crowd .
a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a lady walking down the street .
a man is walking past a group of people .
children playing outside .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street with a cane .
a man is kneeling in front of a group of people .
a boy is sitting on a rock .
two men are looking at something .
children kicking a soccer ball .
a monk is smiling .
construction workers work on a roof .
a group of people talking .
a person rides a horse in front of a crowd of people .
a man in a helmet is jumping off a ramp .
a crowd watches as people watch .
a cyclist doing tricks in the air .
a cyclist rides a bike .
a person riding a bike .
a bartender is drinking a drink .
two people swimming .
two construction workers working on a house .
people are swimming .
two people are playing in the water .
a man preparing food .
a skier in the snow .
a skier doing a trick .
a man stands behind a group of people .
two men talking to each other .
a man is cutting something .
a person skiing down a hill .
two women walking down a city street .
a man is playing on the street .
a car drives down the street .
two men are looking at each other in a mirror .
people at a shopping mall .
children sitting outside .
people painting a building .
a young boy rides a bike .
a kid rides a bike .
a group of people working together .
a woman is hugging another woman .
a woman reading a book .
a man is performing a trick .
a woman is reading a magazine .
a woman is giving a presentation .
a boy in a blue shirt rides a bicycle .
three women are walking down the street .
two children are playing in a bounce house .
a group of people standing outside .
a group of young children posing for a picture .
a woman and boy hiking through the snow .
people walking down the street .
a crowd gathers at a club .
an old man holding a drink .
a man holding a drink in his hands .
an older man holding a drink in a market .
a group of people are preparing food .
a man is sitting on a metal beam waiting for something .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps in a dog show .
a young boy taking pictures .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man sitting and smoking a cigarette .
a group of people taking pictures .
a child is washing something .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt doing a trick .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two girls are waving .
a group of boys are writing at a table .
a girl playing volleyball .
a girl is playing volleyball on the beach .
a girl playing volleyball on the beach .
a woman playing volleyball on the beach .
a woman is trying to hit a tennis ball .
a woman playing with a football .
a street vendor with a fruit .
a man holding a drink .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman playing piano .
a woman is playing piano .
a woman playing piano .
an elderly woman in a blue sweater smiles .
two women are standing outside .
people walking down a street .
people walking down a street .
two women standing next to a building .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a man sitting in a vehicle .
a person is walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man wearing sunglasses .
the policeman is driving his bike .
a man is sitting on a street corner .
a man in a blue shirt pulling a cart full of cigarettes .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people are swimming .
people are watching a group of people .
a swimmer in a swimming pool .
three men on a field .
a couple walking down the street .
a young man is at an event .
a football player in a white uniform is playing a game .
a rugby player wearing a white and white uniform .
a young boy is laughing .
a group of people preparing food .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a barber is shaving his hand .
a young man is cutting a piece of paper .
a young child is brushing his teeth with a hammer .
people walking down a street .
a man is sitting on a car .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is sitting next to a donkey with a stuffed animal .
a man and woman standing next to a suv .
a woman sits next to a car .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is eating food .
a woman is eating .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a car .
two people are talking to each other .
a group of people at a school .
a group of people are sitting at an outdoor fair .
a group of people gather outside .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a girl in a rain puddle .
a group of people are laughing .
five people standing in front of a cafe .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people looking at the camera .
people are walking down the street .
a young man is doing a flip .
a man in a white shirt is performing a trick .
a group of people on a farm .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a street performer walking down the street .
a man and a little girl are playing in a yard .
a man and woman are pulling horses .
a man and a woman are outside .
a group of people walking behind two horses .
two people are sitting on a bench .
people are sitting on a subway .
two men sitting next to each other .
two men are talking to each other .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man is speaking at a protest .
a group of people are attending an event .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is putting on his hands .
a girl walking down a street .
an older man is fishing into a lake .
a man wearing sunglasses is writing .
two people walking in a busy area .
a busy street with shopping bags .
a girl walking down the street .
two women walk away from each other .
a woman and child walk down the sidewalk .
people are leaving an airplane .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is walking down a street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a young man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is playing tennis at a bowling alley .
a man walking on the sidewalk .
a young man walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a young man walking through a crowded street .
a man is walking down the street .
an old man is walking down the street carrying a cane .
a teenage boy in a blue shirt and a hat is jumping next to a tennis court .
a young boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man doing a trick .
a girl playing in a park .
a woman is walking through a crowd of people .
a child holding a baby .
a child crying .
a young child is crying .
a young child is smiling .
a little boy is helping a child .
a woman is playing with a child .
a woman holding a child .
a woman sitting next to a table .
a woman is standing on stage .
a woman wearing a white dress is sitting at a farmers market .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a market full of produce .
a woman is sitting at a market .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is laughing and laughing .
a woman looking at vegetables .
a woman sitting at a table .
two girls are fixing each other .
a person is looking at a parade .
a dog is standing on a hillside .
a little girl in a blue jacket is skiing .
four children are sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting on a post outside .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a post next to his father .
a boy standing on a fence .
a child climbs up a tree .
a boy sitting on a bench .
a young boy is sitting down .
a girl is brushing her hair .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a man is playing guitar .
a girl jumping into a pool .
a man standing in front of two police officers .
three police officers wait in line .
three police officers on motorcycles .
two people laying on top of each other .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a yellow shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman walking down a street .
two dogs playing together .
a black and white dog is taking a bite .
two dogs playing with a toy .
two dogs play with a toy .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs with a toy in its mouth .
a child crawling in the grass .
a group of people are swimming .
three women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a truck .
a blond girl is eating a sandwich .
a woman is eating a piece of fruit .
a woman is eating fruit .
a little girl eating fruit .
a boy runs through the grass .
a child walking through the street .
people are walking down a street .
a woman is eating a meal .
a man is eating .
people are eating .
a man is eating .
a person sitting on a horse .
a worker in a cave .
four people digging dirt .
a group of children playing in the sand .
a group of children are playing in water .
three children are playing tug of war .
a scuba diver takes a picture .
three young children are taking a bath .
three children are smiling .
a child is watching a dog .
two little kids are playing with a toy .
two children eating .
a person in a cave .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is walking .
a little boy in a forest .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a little boy in a red jacket stands in the middle of a forest .
a little boy is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a ladder .
a man is holding a bag .
people sitting at a table at a table .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man cleaning a wall on a wall .
a man in a green long sleeved shirt is sweeping trash .
a woman is walking down the street .
a family is sitting in a small truck .
two men standing in front of a building .
a man is walking down the street .
two horses are chasing another horse .
two men on horses .
a person looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is walking past a man in a blue shirt .
a man with a bag and a bag .
people are jumping in a street .
a man is eating a beer .
two children eating ice cream .
a man is pouring a drink from a woman .
a man is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man is pouring wine .
a man and a woman are playing with a small child .
a person swimming in a pool .
a black and white dog jumping over a hurdle .
a dog jumps up to catch a ball .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog catches a ball .
a dog catches a ball .
a girl jumping .
a group of people are standing outside .
a man throwing a basketball .
a girl is sitting in a restaurant .
a man shoveling snow .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a jacket and a man in a jacket .
a person in a black coat is walking .
a person in a swimming pool .
a man is tying a net .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man sleeping on the beach .
a woman is talking to a man .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing on a street corner with a basket of flowers and flowers .
two people are sitting in the water .
two girls standing next to a dock .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a girl jumps over a log .
a person walking in the woods .
a little girl is playing in a forest .
a girl is playing in the woods .
a girl in a forest .
a girl in a forest .
a little girl in a forest in a forest .
two women are standing next to each other .
a girl is walking next to trees .
a man in a blue shirt is working .
a dog runs through the grass .
a girl talking on a cellphone .
a group of people in a boat .
people are swimming in the water .
people riding bikes .
a woman wearing a white dress .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench with an umbrella .
a woman sitting on steps .
a woman in a dress .
a woman on a cellphone talking on her cellphone .
a man shaving his face .
a boy shaving his face in a mirror .
a man shaving his face .
a man is shaving ice cream .
two men are climbing up scaffolding .
a man shaving in a mirror .
a group of construction workers are working .
a group of construction workers are working on scaffolding .
two firefighters loading a house .
a child is trying to catch a frisbee .
a child is standing on a rock .
a young man is shaving his face .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a person hiking through the snow .
a man giving a presentation .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy plays with toys in the water .
a baseball player in a field .
a woman weaving fabric .
a baseball player is throwing a ball .
a man throwing a ball .
a woman working on a piece of wood while a woman in a yellow shirt stands behind her .
a baseball player on the field .
a woman making fabric .
a woman working with fabric .
a toddler is standing in front of a wooden fence .
three men are sitting on a bench .
people are standing in front of a building .
a person is on the ground .
two people are playing on a sunny day .
two people are getting ready to jump into the air .
a group of people are flying over a lake .
a man is sitting on a machine .
a couple having fun .
a woman is riding a horse .
a woman in a red coat leaning against a wall .
two young women are sitting on the floor .
two women are standing next to each other .
two girls are smiling .
a child prepares to hit a pinata .
a boy swings at a pinata .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a white bird in the water .
a little boy is getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
a group of people are performing .
three children are playing instruments .
a group of students are playing instruments .
a young boy is playing the violin .
a band plays on the street .
a black and white dog in the water .
a group of people riding horses .
a fisherman prepares to go out of a boat .
a man is pulling a rope .
two girls playing soccer .
a crowd of people are running .
a baby is crying .
a child is licking ice cream cones .
a little girl eating ice cream .
a little girl eating fruit .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is eating ice cream .
a young girl is using a microscope .
a child plays with a toy .
a man is using a saw .
a man stands in front of a tree .
a little girl in a pink dress is standing in front of a christmas tree .
a little girl holding a stuffed animal .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a piece of wood with a hammer .
three people are cooking .
a man in a kitchen is cooking .
a man is cooking meat .
three people are cooking in front of a stove .
two people are cooking .
a man is standing in the water .
two teams are playing soccer .
a man in a white helmet is skateboarding .
two skateboarders in helmets ride their bikes .
two men doing tricks on a ramp .
people are selling produce on the street .
street vendors sell fruits and vegetables .
vendors sell produce .
people selling fruit .
customers are selling vegetables in a market .
people watching a soccer game .
a basketball game is being played .
a group of people at a sporting event .
people watching a basketball game .
a stadium at a stadium .
basketball players playing basketball .
a child is riding a bike in a park in a park .
a man is giving a thumbs up to a woman .
a man is talking to a woman .
people walking down the street .
two women walking down a sidewalk .
a couple walking .
a man and woman walking down the street .
three people walking along a walkway .
two dogs are looking at each other .
a black and white dog is standing next to a firetruck .
three people are looking at bottles .
two brown and white dogs are eating food at a table .
a jockey jumps over an obstacle course .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a brown horse is jumping over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is digging in the snow .
the sun sets at sunset .
a black and white dog is standing up .
a small white dog stands in a hallway .
a small brown dog lays down in a hallway .
a black and white dog is standing on a leash in a room .
a baby in an orange shirt is looking at something .
a man on a beach .
a bird flying through the air .
people walking down a street .
two men walking down a street .
two men are walking towards the camera while looking at the camera .
a group of people are walking in front of a group of people .
two young women are walking towards the camera while another woman looks on .
two young men walk towards the camera .
two men walk down the street looking at the camera .
a boy in a denim jacket is looking at something .
two men walking down a street .
a man sitting on a boat .
a man sits by a fishing pole .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing by a body of water .
a man fishing with a large net .
a man standing on a dock .
a man on the beach .
a man sitting on a bench .
a young man hitting a tennis ball .
a man is dancing on a street .
children playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
kids playing on a swing .
a group of people are walking down a street .
kids playing soccer .
a woman is working on a grill .
a woman preparing food in a pan .
a brown dog chewing on a stick .
a man in a library in a library .
a man in a library in a library .
a man stands in front of a podium in front of a podium .
a man working on a train .
the sun sets in the water .
a view of a busy street .
a beach with sand on the beach .
the sun sets at the beach .
a view of the sun .
a child looking at the train tracks .
people walking down the street .
a group of people on the beach .
a group of people laughing on a sandy beach .
people relaxing in the sun .
people walking down the street .
a group of people on a beach .
a man sits on a train .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a shirtless man with no shirt on .
a man speaks into a microphone .
three girls pose for a picture .
a man is walking down the street .
a man riding a horse .
a man on a horse is riding on a horse .
a person riding a horse .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing an accordion .
a man riding a horse in a rodeo .
an old couple walking down the street .
a group of people are standing together .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two men are walking down the street .
a young girl in a blue shirt is in front of a crowd .
a boy looks at a large body of water .
a man sitting on a bench .
a child is holding a child 's hand .
a man and a child are running in a race .
a boy is crying .
a group of men are fishing on a beach .
a man holding a child .
three men are at a beach .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
four women in a parade .
people walking down the street .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a dog runs through the street .
football players playing football .
a group of people playing soccer .
football players trying to catch the ball .
a man playing tennis .
a woman doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a woman in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle down the street .
a motorcyclist doing a wheelie .
a woman riding a motorcycle .
a person doing tricks on a motorcycle .
a man is sitting on the ground .
an old man is sitting next to a pile of dry grass .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
an old man is sitting next to hay .
an older man sitting on a bench .
an old man sits on the grass .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting on the ground and is selling items .
a man selling food .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a man is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is playing with a rifle in a cage .
a group of people are watching a boat .
a person is standing in a tree .
there are boats in the water .
people are walking along a river .
people are swimming in the middle of the water .
a group of people are gathered together .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman looking at a map .
a woman looking at a map in a city .
a woman is taking a picture .
an asian man giving a presentation .
two dogs are fighting .
a brown dog is running through a field .
a black and white dog running in a field .
a man is pushing a cart .
a dog runs through the grass .
a brown and white dog playing with a dog .
a dog with its mouth open .
a dog walks in the field .
a man sleeping on a bench .
baseball player playing baseball .
a tennis player gets ready to hit the ball .
a man holding a poster .
a man standing on a sidewalk .
an african american woman in a black shirt is giving a presentation to a woman .
a woman hugging a woman .
a woman in a white shirt is fixing another woman .
a student is practicing karate .
a kid playing soccer .
a man uses a tree .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man is riding a bike through mud .
two men are standing in front of a crowd .
people dressed in costumes .
a brown dog is sitting on the grass .
a man is shaving a brown cow in the background .
a group of young boys playing in a gym .
a group of children doing a routine .
a man is talking to a group of children .
a woman plays with a dog in the water .
two boys pose for a picture .
a group of people playing tug of war .
a group of hikers posing for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man and a woman are playing outside .
four people pose for a picture .
a group of people are standing on a snowy mountain .
a group of people are carrying their dogs .
three friends talking at a bar .
a group of friends having a conversation .
three people are sitting at a table .
a group of adults are taking pictures .
a group of people are standing outside .
a group of people playing soccer .
two people crossing the street .
a group of people drinking wine .
a person is standing outside .
a group of people in a city .
people waiting in the city .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people waiting to cross the street .
a boy floating on a lake .
a band is playing music .
a group of children playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man is bowling .
a man on a boat .
a group of people are standing outside .
a person wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is relaxing .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a boy sleeping on his backpack .
a young boy runs through a field .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a woman is walking down a busy street .
a woman is walking down a busy street .
a woman in a red shirt with a red shirt .
cars race down the street .
a woman is balancing on her head .
a woman carrying a cup on her head .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a woman is working on a loom .
a woman carrying a bag on her head .
a group of men in green shirts .
a man in a blue t shirt is sitting at a table .
two men standing on a ladder .
two men are talking .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a grill .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two men are sitting next to each other .
a group of people sitting in the sun .
a woman rides a scooter in a room .
a young boy is playing with his balloons .
a boy is holding balloons .
a young boy is sitting on his shoulders while holding a balloon .
a child holding balloon balloons .
two men are fighting with each other .
two young men are throwing a green object .
a man in a yellow shirt is using a microphone .
three young men are climbing .
two men work together .
a father and son having fun .
two men looking at something .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a woman in a white shirt is looking into the distance .
a man is brushing her hair .
a woman getting her hair done .
a woman getting her hair done .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and woman talk .
a group of people are rowing down a river .
a man and a woman are standing in the middle of a busy street at night .
a man and woman are standing next to railroad tracks .
a dog on the street .
a woman standing next to a train .
men sitting on a roof .
two dogs fighting .
a boy climbing a rock .
a child playing in the grass .
a boy is playing in the grass .
two dogs playing together .
two dogs look at each other .
a young boy in a blue shirt is dancing .
a man is looking at his hand .
a skier poses for a picture .
a person in a costume .
a group of people are walking .
two children laughing .
a person dressed in a costume .
a man chases a young boy .
two boys are running in a field .
two people are running .
a man catching a bird .
a woman is standing on a beach .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a woman is kneeling .
a skateboarder in a red shirt rides a skateboard .
a woman is petting a dog on the beach .
a woman is holding a dog .
a man is walking down the street .
a man standing on the sidewalk holding a sign .
a street performer poses for a picture .
people walking down the street .
a man poses for a picture .
people walking on a sunny day .
a boy doing a skateboard trick .
a man grinding on a ledge .
a skateboarder is skating .
a group of people in a room .
a man is standing next to a woman .
a group of students in a classroom .
a young woman looking at a digital camera .
a man in a striped shirt is hugging a woman .
a child is helping a young boy in a blue shirt .
a woman stands in front of two children .
a man in a green top is standing in a field .
a man in a studio .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man is looking at something .
three women are walking down the street .
two women shopping .
a man performs a trick .
a man doing a skateboard trick .
a man on a unicycle on a unicycle .
a soccer player wearing a black shirt and white shorts .
a woman in a white shirt is giving a presentation .
a cameraman prepares to throw a baseball .
a basketball player trying to block the shot .
an elderly woman in a blue shirt is cooking .
a man is making a drink .
an elderly woman is pouring water .
a young girl is at a dentist .
people sitting on a wall .
a group of people sitting on a wall .
a man riding a bicycle .
a group of people are standing outside .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person with a blue backpack is riding a bike in front of a blue mountain .
a man in a blue shirt rides his bike .
a boy rides a bicycle while listening to headphones .
a person riding a bike on a bike .
a man jumps over a dirt road .
a person in a white shirt is jumping into the air .
two women are walking down the street .
a motorcyclist jumps in the air .
two women are playing volleyball .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two women are looking at the ocean .
two women are walking down the street .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people walking down the street .
two girls are laughing .
a group of people gathered around a table .
construction workers are working on a construction project .
a group of people are gathered outside .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people at a bar .
a group of people having drinks .
a woman and a child on the beach .
a woman in a black shirt and blue pants walks by a building .
a group of people are sitting on a log .
a young child is playing with a young boy .
a soldier poses for a picture .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
a group of people are working on a cement structure .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a fire .
a man working on a building .
a man stands in the water .
a man climbing a ladder .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a large wave .
a man working on a roof .
a boy doing tricks on a bike .
a woman holding a baby .
a girl stands near the shore .
a man with his arms outstretched .
a person does a trick on his bike in the air .
a child rides a bike .
a young girl at the beach .
a child playing on the beach .
a child stands in front of water .
a girl playing on the beach .
a girl is standing on the beach .
two people are walking down the street .
three children are playing together .
people at a rodeo .
kids playing on the street .
two men are standing outside .
a baseball player slides down the field .
a motorcycle performs a trick on a course .
two men playing a game .
a group of people are standing outside .
cars are racing on a track .
two race cars racing around a corner .
cars race down the street .
two people are riding on a dirt road .
people standing in front of a building .
two men are playing a game .
a man is sitting at a table .
a girl runs across a field .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a person in a black shirt walking towards the woods .
a girl running in the grass .
a little girl runs towards the camera with her mouth open .
a man is walking down the street .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
two women are walking down the street .
three women are standing in the sand .
women playing volleyball on a beach .
women in bikinis playing volleyball .
a group of women are playing volleyball .
three women are wearing bathing suits .
two teams are playing soccer .
two women playing volleyball .
a man running in a race .
a person is standing next to a dog .
a girl is sitting on a railing .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a railing on a railing .
a little girl is standing on a rock .
a band performs on stage .
a dog runs through the water .
a group of people are standing in front of a truck with graffiti on it .
a man is pointing .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a man is pointing at something .
people dancing in a parade .
a woman smiling .
two men walking down the street .
people singing and singing .
a brown and white dog is running .
a dog runs on a dirt path .
two basketball players playing basketball .
the brown and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two boys are looking at each other .
a group of people are on the beach .
two children are playing on a trampoline .
children playing soccer .
two children are standing next to each other .
a woman in a blue skirt is looking at a car .
a boy is swinging a soccer ball .
a man working on the steps .
a group of young boys are teaching a young boy .
a man sweeping trash .
a group of young men are playing soccer in the grass .
two young boys are watching a soccer ball .
two men are playing soccer in a field .
two boys are playing in a fountain .
two boys wearing baseball caps .
a young boy runs towards the base of a pitch .
a band is playing music .
two children jump off a dirt trail in the air .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a young lady sits near buildings .
two men riding bikes on a trail .
people riding bikes .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a man is carving a pumpkin .
a man is carving a pumpkin .
a man is getting ready to dance .
a man watches as a man watches .
a man using a knife .
a man using a knife .
a man in a blue shirt is carving a pumpkin .
a man in a white shirt carving a pumpkin .
a man is carving a pumpkin in his boxers .
two people carrying an object .
a man and woman are at an event at an event .
two people are walking down the street .
a little girl is eating .
people walking down the street .
a man is working on a piece of metal .
a little girl wearing a green dress .
two dogs play with each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
a group of people in a river .
a child in red stands next to a pile of snow .
a child playing in the snow .
a young boy slides into the pile of snow .
a child stands next to a snow sculpture .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard .
many people are gathered around a table .
a tennis player hitting a tennis ball .
two girls talking on cellphones .
a man kissing a woman on his lap .
a person dressed in black is walking down the street .
a white and white horse and a white and white horse .
an older man is standing near two horses .
a man riding a horse .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of teenagers play their instruments .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a tennis player gets ready to hit the ball .
a girl is playing a game .
a young girl is playing a guitar while sitting next to a group of people .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a man rides a bike .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a woman is looking at something .
a man playing a banjo .
a group of people are standing on a field .
a man and a woman are laughing .
two men are playing a musical instrument in front of a shop .
a group of men are on their heads in front of an audience .
a group of men wearing colorful costumes .
a group of men in formal attire .
five men wearing white shirts and black pants are standing together .
a group of men are standing together .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a young man is working in a wood shop .
a man holding a horse .
a couple having drinks .
a man in a white shirt and a dog .
a man riding a horse .
a man and a woman walking .
a horse pulls a cart .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a bowl .
a person in a green shirt is cooking .
a man in a green shirt is looking at an egg .
a group of people preparing food .
a man and a woman are cooking .
people walking down a city street .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a group of adults are sitting at a picnic table .
three young women in a circle .
two skiers are leaving the snow .
three men jumping on a trampoline .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
a group of people are standing around a gun .
a man in a white shirt holding a large gun .
a man in a blue shirt holding a gun .
a man is carrying a rifle .
a woman reading a book in a store .
a woman sitting at a table .
an elderly woman reading a book while reading a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a man with a cane walks down the street .
a man with a stick walks along a bus while a man walks by .
a man walks past a bus .
a man walking next to a bus .
a man is walking on a sidewalk .
a man is walking next to a motorcycle .
a boy on a bus .
a toddler sits in front of rocks .
a man walking by a bus .
a white dog is jumping after a ball .
people are walking down a street .
a man rides a bicycle down the street .
a woman competing in a martial arts competition .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a woman is taking a picture .
a doctor uses a telescope at work .
a woman is standing in front of an advertisement .
a police officer is looking at the camera .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a lab lab worker uses a microscope .
a young girl is sitting on a rock .
a young girl in a blue coat is looking at the camera in the middle of a muddy road .
a young child in a swimming pool .
a young girl in a bathing suit splashes water .
a girl in a blue jacket is rock climbing into a puddle .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a group of men playing soccer .
a car with a car .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
two soccer players on a soccer field .
men playing soccer .
two men are playing soccer .
two men in soccer uniforms playing soccer .
two men playing soccer on a field .
two men playing soccer .
a baby is crying at the camera .
a man and a woman smile at a baby .
a baby is opening a cake .
a mother takes a picture of a baby .
a baby is smiling at the camera .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a woman is standing next to a table .
a woman stands behind a table .
a woman standing next to a table full of food .
a woman walking down the street .
a man rides a bike .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a woman is standing outside .
a young man is standing by a pole .
a man wearing a black helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a man riding a motorcycle on the street .
a motorcycle rider is riding a motorcycle .
a man doing a trick on a ramp .
a woman holding a waterfall .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a rock .
people are walking down a street .
a man is watching a waterfall .
a group of people are standing around water .
a man and a woman are sitting in a plane .
a man stands in a boat .
two men rowing a boat .
two men are standing in a boat .
a group of people on a boat .
two men wearing black jackets .
two men are standing on a boat .
two men wearing jackets .
two men standing on a boat .
two men in a boat .
a group of hikers walking on a path .
two men walking through the woods .
hikers walk through the snow .
three hikers are walking through a wooded area .
a group of hikers are walking through a meadow .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people on a boat .
a man standing outside a building .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a woman in black is standing on a stone structure .
a brown and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog on the grass .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
people wearing hats .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men are looking at a window .
a person with a tattoo is leaning over a man 's head .
a woman wearing a white apron is cutting something .
a man is training a dog .
a dog retrieving a stick .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants .
people walking on the beach .
a man is bowling in a tournament .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling in a tournament .
a man bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling .
a man playing a game .
a man is bowling in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling in a room .
a man is bowling .
two dogs pulling each other on a farm .
a woman wearing a scarf stands behind flowers .
a woman in a black dress is holding a microphone .
people walking by a building .
a runner chases a runner .
people walking down the street .
people hiking on a trail .
people hiking through the snow .
two people running .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a dog runs into a stream .
a woman riding a bicycle down a street .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog swims in the water .
people enjoying the beach at the beach .
people running a marathon .
a group of runners race .
a woman wearing sunglasses and a white top is jogging in a marathon .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is cooking with a man in a blue shirt .
a couple kissing .
a child is running towards a yellow soccer ball .
a group of teenagers are in a garden .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people are smiling .
a group of people sitting near a plant .
people sitting at a garden .
a group of people are picking vegetables .
a band performs on stage .
a woman holding hands .
a group of people playing music in public .
a band performs on stage .
a man reading a book .
a man in a brown shirt is sitting at a desk .
a man is playing with pigeons .
a man reading a newspaper .
a young girl plays in a pool at a playground .
a woman in a green tank top looks at a woman in a green tank top .
children sitting on the floor .
a woman laughing .
three children laughing and laughing .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a woman is playing with a small child .
a group of kids playing in a park .
a group of people are sitting on a floor .
a little girl and a little girl are standing around a little girl .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is cleaning ice cream .
a couple enjoying the water .
two people are standing in front of a table .
a couple walking down the street .
two people are standing at a street market .
a couple selling goods for sale .
two guys are sitting on a bench .
a group of people waving flags .
there is a picture of the water .
two men are talking to each other .
a pole hanging from a pole .
a man stands next to a woman holding a camera .
a man is taking a picture of a woman .
a man is standing next to a woman .
a man and woman standing next to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a woman .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man holding a video camera .
men playing soccer .
a group of people are looking at something .
two men playing soccer .
two men in red and white uniforms playing soccer .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of men are paddling a boat .
a man walking down a street .
a soccer player in a white uniform is playing soccer .
a person in a swimming pool .
a man walking through the woods .
a chicken is smiling .
a man working on a roof .
a young lady is doing a handstand .
a woman is giving a presentation .
a man working on a roof .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man working on a roof .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman in a pink shirt eating .
a group of soccer players on a field .
a group of children are standing outside .
football players playing football .
a child on a beach .
a woman standing at a store counter .
a runner is running .
football players are playing soccer .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of children playing in the sand .
a boy is playing in a pool .
children playing outside .
a boy jumping on the sand .
children playing in the sand .
a group of people getting ready for the day .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a group of men on a football field .
a group of people waiting for their turn .
two girls wearing red and red .
a man is getting ready to perform .
a girl is jumping in the snow .
a little girl is standing next to a little girl .
a girl lays in the snow .
two people are standing in a garage .
a group of people on rollerskater .
a man is preparing food on a plate of food .
a man in a black shirt is buying food from a counter .
people standing outside of a building .
a person jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a small brown dog is standing in a restaurant .
a dog runs through the grass .
a small white dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a group of people in a building .
a baby is eating .
a man is playing tennis on a tennis court .
a football player is celebrating .
four men are playing instruments .
a tennis player holds his hands .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a person taking a picture .
a person taking a picture .
a black and white dog is running with a ball .
a black and white dog is playing in the grass .
a black and white dog catching a frisbee .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog playing with a ball .
a man with glasses is taking pictures .
tourists taking pictures .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a child in a red shirt is sliding down the ice .
a girl slides down a slide .
a little girl is smiling .
a little girl is lying down .
a snowboarder slides down the ice .
a group of people are doing push ups .
a black and white dog runs through a field .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a skier in the snow .
a person skiing through the snow .
a man is riding a scooter .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man riding a motorcycle .
a man in a blue shirt holding a sign .
a man sitting in a car .
people eating food .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of children are playing in a classroom .
a group of people eating a meal .
a group of people enjoying dinner .
two men working on a project .
two people are skiing .
a brown dog is playing with a toy .
a dog is playing with a cat .
a black dog is playing in the snow .
a woman and a woman wearing sunglasses .
three men are standing outside a building .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside .
two women hugging each other .
three people are on a balcony .
group of young girls are having fun .
a group of people are holding hands .
a group of people in bathing suits .
a group of young girls are dancing .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a roof .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a roof .
a man works on a roof .
a man repairing a roof .
two children are fishing .
a child stands next to a bicycle .
a group of people walking down the street .
a construction worker is fixing a roof .
a man is opening a door .
a group of people riding bikes .
a brown dog is playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman is carrying a large pot over her head .
a woman in a black shirt is mixing a bowl .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
construction workers wearing hard hats .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a hockey player wearing red .
two people are working on a building .
two construction workers working on a roof .
a woman is doing a flip .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a restaurant .
people sitting on a bench .
a man is standing next to his horse .
a young girl is sitting on a bench by the beach .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
two women climbing rope .
a group of people are outside .
a group of people swimming in bathing suits .
a group of people on a pier .
a man running in a race .
a waitress is working at a factory counter .
a woman is looking at something .
a man working on a scaffold .
two women are sitting at a table .
a man is playing the drums .
a man is standing next to a motorcycle .
a woman in a plaid shirt is sitting on a couch in a store .
a woman digging a hole in the dirt .
a woman in a brown shirt is reading a book .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is making a hole in the ground .
a woman digging a hole .
a man walking along a walkway .
a young boy plays a musical instrument .
men working on railroad tracks .
a group of people in white shirts .
people are walking down a street .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs kiss in the snow .
a man in a black jacket is walking .
two men walking next to a woman .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
two men walking in the rain .
a group of people gathered around a building .
a man juggling drums .
a child playing with a toy .
an older man playing a trumpet .
a boy playing in the sand .
a boy is digging in the sand .
a child playing in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is smiling .
a group of people riding horses .
a woman waiting for a bus .
a man is sitting on a vehicle .
a man and a boy are riding horses .
a man and a woman are petting a cow .
a man is holding a rope .
two dogs are pulling each other .
two dogs are walking away from each other .
men walking down the street .
two dogs with their mouths open .
two dogs are facing each other .
two dogs are running together .
two dogs are playing together .
two dogs talk to each other on the beach .
a group of people walking along a sidewalk .
two horses are pulled by two dogs .
two dogs run toward each other .
two dogs pull each other .
two men are wrestling .
two dogs trying to pull each other .
a brown dog is rolling around .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog plays in the grass .
a black and white dog is running .
a man riding a scooter down the street .
people standing in a canyon .
a group of hikers taking pictures .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
a group of people looking at a gate .
a group of people are outside .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men riding bikes .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
two men working on a project .
two people at a train station .
two men are looking at a bike .
a musician is playing the guitar .
a woman is holding a child in a party .
a man playing guitar .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans plays guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
the lead singer is playing the drums .
a man is performing a trick .
the dog has its mouth wide open .
a man playing an accordion .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a red t shirt plays the guitar .
a lady waiting for the subway .
a man in a yellow shirt is pulling a wheelbarrow .
a man on a sidewalk .
a man in a yellow shirt is loading something .
a man working on a roof .
a man is working on a wheel .
a boy skateboarding .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a girl is singing into a microphone .
a group of people watch .
a man singing into a microphone .
a construction worker in a hard hat working in a construction site .
a woman standing in front of a sign .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a man working on fire .
a man in a white shirt is holding a fire .
a man performing a trick .
a man juggling fire .
a group of people riding bikes .
a young man cutting a fish .
a man holding a beer .
a woman playing tennis .
a man is looking at the camera .
a tennis player on a court .
a woman playing tennis .
a man wearing a gray shirt .
a woman in shorts playing tennis .
a woman is leaning against a window while another woman leans against a glass window .
a woman wearing a red jacket .
two women are waiting on a bus .
a woman in a red jacket sits on a bench .
people waiting on the street .
a person falling out of the sky .
a woman in the snow .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a person walking down the street .
a man paddles a wave .
a group of people are waiting to cross the street .
a man waiting for a train .
a group of people are waiting for something .
a group of cyclists race .
a man on a boat .
a young woman with brown hair is looking at the camera .
a child in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a little girl is sitting at a table .
a couple sitting on a boat .
a couple enjoying the day .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people on a lake .
a man is working in a classroom .
an asian man is drinking coffee .
a man in an apron is working on a project .
a man taking a break .
a man working on a project .
children playing a board game .
a group of people playing a game .
a group of children are sitting around a table .
kids playing soccer .
a group of people playing a game .
the snow is covered in snow .
two men are kayaking .
a person painting a mural .
a man is holding a dog .
two dogs in a field .
a man playing with a dog .
a man with a dog .
a man and a dog .
two wrestlers on the ground .
a man and a dog are outside .
two people are jumping off a plane .
a person jumping in the air .
a woman is sewing a sewing machine .
a man is playing a video game .
a woman using a sewing machine .
a woman is using a white sheet of paper .
a woman working on a piece of fabric .
a woman working on a loom .
a woman and a child are outside .
two people pose for a picture .
a dog walks down the stairs .
a brown dog is walking under a tree .
two people holding hands .
two people are standing next to a plant .
a woman pointing .
a woman holding a hand .
a woman holding a little girl .
a brown dog is biting a brown dog .
a man playing volleyball .
a football player wearing a red jersey .
a vehicle with trees in the background .
cars are driving down the street .
a woman buying fruit on the street .
a man is walking down the street .
two children are getting ready to eat .
people standing around a fruit stand .
a statue of an art statue .
two people are taking pictures .
a crowd gathers in front of a statue .
people sitting on a bench .
two people climbing stairs .
a group of people at a meeting .
a group of people on a trampoline .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people are doing yoga .
a group of kids playing on a trampoline .
a group of people on rollerskater .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a woman is playing on a trampoline .
a woman jumps on a trampoline .
a woman jumping on a trampoline .
a woman jumps on a trampoline .
a woman on a trampoline .
a young boy is jumping on a trampoline on a trampoline .
a skateboarder does a trick on a trampoline .
a person jumping on a trampoline near a river .
a person doing a flip .
a child is playing on a trampoline .
a person is jumping on a trampoline on a trampoline .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman wearing a tank top .
men in an office .
a woman is blowing bubbles with her mouth .
a man is standing on a ladder in a room .
a man using a ladder on a ladder .
a young man is getting ready to perform .
a man working on a ladder .
two men jumping in the air .
an older man sings into a microphone .
a man is dancing .
a man is sitting on a bus .
a woman in a bikini walks along the street .
a group of men on stage .
a couple kissing .
people are sitting at tables .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man and woman are walking down the street .
a girl looking through a telescope while looking through a telescope .
two people are playing instruments .
a group of people shopping at a market .
a man in a gray suit .
two musicians are playing the violin .
a group of people are performing .
a woman and a man are sitting on a bench .
people are walking down a street .
a man riding a dirt bike on a dirt road .
two men are walking down a street at night .
a crowd of people in a market .
a man wearing a hat plays a guitar .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people at a party .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
cars parked in town .
a man rides a bicycle down the street .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two men riding horses .
a cowboy rides a bucking bronco .
a man holding a guitar .
a man riding a horse .
a man is painting a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is making art .
a man drawing a portrait .
a person is painting a painting .
three people talking .
a man and a woman are standing together .
people are walking down a street .
a couple walking down the street .
two people are standing on a sidewalk .
a man and woman cross a street .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman is holding two children .
a woman holding a baby .
a person is holding a camera .
a woman and a young boy are playing on a swing set .
a man playing tennis .
a mother and son are sitting on a park bench .
a woman is playing with a baby .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is sitting down on a scooter .
a man is standing on a sidewalk .
a man sitting on a bus .
a man is sitting on a scooter .
doctors are performing surgery .
two men are working on a project .
a group of men wearing masks .
a doctor performing a surgery .
men working on a patient .
a group of people playing soccer .
three football players wearing blue and yellow uniforms are running down a football field .
football players running down a football field .
football players in blue and yellow uniforms run along a football field .
three football players running on a football field , one kicking a ball .
people running on a field .
two boys playing football .
a football game .
a football player is trying to get a ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking towards the park .
a man playing with a dog .
a man riding a scooter .
a man pouring a drink .
a man is driving a scooter .
three women are standing outside .
a group of people are having drinks .
three women are holding drinks in a room .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man holding a stick in its mouth .
a man playing with a dog .
a boy is pulling a trailer .
a person looking at something .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a woman in a black dress is walking .
a woman sits in front of a restaurant .
a woman wearing a black dress .
a woman looking at a menu .
a woman is standing in front of a restaurant .
a woman is standing in the street holding a piece of paper .
a woman dressed in black is posing for a picture .
a girl walking towards the water .
a child walking on the beach .
a girl is standing on a beach .
a young girl standing on the sand near the shore .
people walking on a street corner .
a man is doing a handstand .
a man is sitting on a subway train .
two men holding a banner .
a woman sitting on a bench talking to a man .
two men holding a banner .
two men holding a sign .
two men wearing sunglasses .
two men holding a sign .
a group of people are performing .
a little boy is holding a doll .
people are playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments .
construction workers are working .
a man in a yellow shirt and yellow pants is standing in a crowd .
a child is laughing .
a boy sits in a chair .
a man is carrying an axe .
a woman in a red shirt and blue pants is working on a metal machine .
a man playing tennis .
a woman in a red shirt is using a power drill .
a woman using a drill .
a woman working on a loom .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man performing a trick .
people playing volleyball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two girls playing volleyball .
a man is walking with a young girl .
people riding bikes .
two people walking down the street .
a tennis player takes a shot .
a man and a woman are walking down a city street .
a father and his son are walking down the street .
a man walking in a city .
a man walking down the street .
a woman in a park .
people walking down a street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
police officers are walking .
a woman is playing on a playground .
a man in a suit sits next to a podium .
a man sitting in an office .
a man is sitting at a table .
a man using a computer .
a man using a computer .
a man at a computer .
a young lady holding a pink hat .
a woman standing on a sidewalk .
a woman with a ponytail is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman and a woman are holding a basket .
a street performer is performing a trick .
a woman is sitting at a table .
a woman performing in front of a crowd .
a woman is wearing a hat and a hat .
a waitress is in a restaurant .
a woman sitting at a table .
a waitress is holding a microphone .
a waitress is holding an object .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing a white shirt and white pants .
two men sit on a bench looking at something .
two elderly men are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing on a train .
a shirtless man is climbing a rock .
a person is looking at a window .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of men are watching a soccer game .
two women are crossing a busy street .
a baby is crying .
a baby is crying .
a baby is looking at the camera .
a child is holding a baby .
a dog licking its nose .
a woman is preparing to dance .
a child is playing in the grass .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a child playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a young man wearing a white t shirt and white shorts is kicking a soccer ball .
a little girl wearing a green dress .
a kid kicks a soccer ball .
a child playing soccer .
a girl is playing with her dog .
a man doing a trick on a rail .
two construction workers working on railroad tracks .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
a girl riding a horse .
a brown dog is biting another dog .
a brown and white dog barking .
a girl rides a horse across the street .
a group of people are standing around a building .
a group of people gathered around a table .
three people laying on the ground .
students waiting for an event .
a group of people at an event .
a man working on a car .
a man is looking at a piano .
a crowd of people in a large crowd .
a man working on a car .
a man working on a vehicle .
a boy is brushing his teeth in the sand .
a group of people are standing in front of a cafe .
a man and woman are lying down on a bench .
two men are talking to each other .
a clown on a horse .
two children are playing in the grass .
a woman in a cowboy hat is climbing a wire fence .
a child with a helmet and a cow .
a girl is doing a handstand .
a child in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a boy wearing a helmet .
two children are playing in the grass .
a child in a yellow shirt is holding something .
two people ride on a scooter .
a goalie in a soccer match .
two men playing soccer .
two people are riding bikes .
the goalie is playing in the water .
a goalie shooting a goal .
people are walking down a street .
two people riding dirt bikes .
a man is hugging a tree .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a person climbing a tree .
a woman and a woman in a city street .
two people riding a moped down the street .
a woman rides a scooter on a scooter .
a woman rides a scooter with a man in the back .
two women walking down the street in a crowded city .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming .
a child swimming in a pool .
a little boy in a swimming pool in a swimming pool .
a boy swimming underwater .
a boy is trying to swim .
a man is carrying a load of dust .
a person walking with a camel .
a person in a blue shirt is leading a camel .
a man is standing next to a dog .
a man walks by two dogs .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on the ground .
a man is standing in front of a lake .
two dogs in a field .
an umpire watching a baseball game .
three men racing around a track .
a football player in a white uniform is playing a game .
people watching a baseball game .
a baseball player is looking at the puck .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a woman in a blue blanket is sleeping in a car .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a woman wearing a pink shirt and pink pants .
a woman is sleeping in a car .
a woman is sitting in a car seat .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a man in a car .
a woman in a pink shirt sleeping in a car .
a woman is in a car .
a woman in a car .
a lady sleeping on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a person riding a bike .
a man riding a bike .
a man rides a bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
two women walking on a brick path along a brick path .
two people are walking down a street .
two men are walking past a stone building .
a man and woman in front of a fountain .
a group of people on a city street .
a crowd gathers outside .
people standing near a sculpture .
a couple walking on a busy street .
a young man is standing next to another man .
a man is standing outside .
a man is standing outside .
a man holding a rifle .
a snow covered mountain .
a football player is running .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a woman with a ponytail is sitting at a piano .
two dogs standing in the grass .
two dogs in a field .
two dogs are playing with a branch .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
two dogs are biting each other .
a boy in a swimming pool in a pool .
a man wearing a blue shirt and jeans .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a young child in a red shirt is riding her bike .
a man is riding a donkey .
a woman riding a bicycle on the sidewalk .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing music .
a young boy in a swimming pool .
a man with his fingers in his ears .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a woman walking .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
a woman in a brown shirt is looking at something .
a woman is being helped by another woman .
a woman in a blue shirt is getting her haircut .
a person riding a bike .
a group of people holding water bottles .
two girls are riding on a carnival ride .
two women holding water bottles .
two women walking down the street .
a child is playing on a set of stairs .
two boys swimming in water .
a boy swimming underwater .
a boy swimming .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a child is playing in the water .
two girls ride a roller coaster .
two girls ride a roller coaster .
a man in a blue shirt with a blue shirt and blue jeans .
three men are sitting at a table .
two children climbing a tree .
two children climbing a tree .
a girl climbing a tree .
children playing in the grass .
a group of children climbing a tree .
a man in a bathing suit poses for a picture .
a young child brushing his teeth .
a person riding a bike .
a girl in a park .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a young girl talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a black dress stands in front of a sign .
a woman is trying to drink a drink .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog jumping .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog jumping .
a man is looking at a carnival ride .
