a person is riding a horse .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a boy does a trick on a skateboard .
two women are hugging each other .
people are at a restaurant .
a man is drinking juice .
a blond man drinking water from a fountain .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
two women hugging each other .
a football player is trying to catch the ball .
an asian man in a blue shirt is standing in front of an audience .
two women are waiting for a train .
a family is enjoying the beach .
people are standing on a train .
people waiting on a train .
a man and a woman are playing with a young child .
a family enjoying the day .
a man and a woman walk across the street .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a restaurant .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are walking with a sign .
a woman and a man walk down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two adults walk across a street .
two people are walking away from a restaurant .
two adults walking across the street .
two adults walking across a road .
a woman is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a woman with a beard and a man in a white shirt are walking across a street .
a man is eating food .
a woman eating a banana on a busy street .
a woman is eating a banana .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a skier does a trick on a rail .
a person skis down a snowy hill .
a skier slides down a racing course .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
a man drinking water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims towards the camera .
a man with a gray hat is directing a cart .
a man is walking with a horse in a field .
a man in a green shirt is plowing the grass .
a black and white dog is walking through the grass .
a group of people watching a performance .
a dog bites a red frisbee .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
an old man is drinking beer at a cafe .
people holding hands and walking .
a group of people are walking down the street .
school school school school .
a choir is singing into a microphone .
a group of cyclists are riding bikes .
a group of bicycles on a road .
a person is riding a bike down the street .
a group of bikers are waiting for traffic .
bicyclists wait to cross the street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people riding bikes .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of men stand on a street corner corner .
a group of people riding bicycles .
people waiting on traffic .
a group of cyclists are stopped on a road .
a group of people are riding bikes down the street .
a group of people on bicycles .
a cart full of items .
a man watching another man .
a person is standing on top of a cart full of goods .
a man is standing on top of a cart .
a cart full of people in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a drink .
a group of bikers stop in the desert .
three bikers are on a busy street .
bikers stop for the train .
a group of bikers in a town square .
a group of bikers in the street .
a man and a woman loading brush to pick up a trailer .
a bearded man pulling a rope .
a man pulling on a rope .
a bearded man is pulling a rope on a rope .
a man is pulling a rope on a rope .
a man in a gray shirt is brushing his teeth .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone .
a middle aged asian woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is conducting a large pinata .
an asian woman in a blue shirt is rowing a boat .
a worker working on a boat .
a small girl with a necklace in the water .
a skateboarder in a pool .
a man and a woman walk along water .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a foreign family walks by a dirt trail in the water .
a family enjoying the water .
a family walks by the water .
a family walks along a dirt path .
a family is walking down the street .
a group of people are looking at sculptures at a museum .
a group of people are standing next to a building .
a group of people standing near statues .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of young girls are walking in front of a yellow bicycle .
a man is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a black shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man is taking pictures on a skateboard .
a man and a man are doing tricks on skateboards .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a man is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a person is running next to a bike with a bike .
a man is doing a trick on a skateboard on a skateboard .
a lady is standing with two men in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of young men are splashing in the water .
three men are walking down the street .
a woman stands behind a grill with a blue basket in her hand .
a car drives through the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a car is flying through the air .
a man playing the guitar .
a guy standing on stage with his guitar .
a woman is riding a moped .
a group of people working at a construction site .
two women are reading a book .
a brick wall with graffiti on it .
people are standing on a rail .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man is performing a trick on a bike .
a woman in a coat is standing in front of a store .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two children are playing with a large rock in the field .
two girls are playing in the snow .
children playing in a rocky field .
a woman in a green shirt is dancing .
a man looking at the camera .
a man in a gold skirt sits at a computer computer .
a man working on a computer .
a man is waiting with his laptop .
a man in a white shirt is looking at his teeth .
a young girl with a bowl on her head .
a man is dancing on a stage .
a toddler is taking a nap .
a person in a blue shirt is leaving the water .
a woman is standing in front of a fountain .
a woman in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a woman in a bathing suit is holding a water bottle .
a woman is standing on a fountain with her racket .
a couple is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a bus .
a couple walking down the street .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a group of people playing soccer in an arena .
two people in wheelchairs are reaching up in the air .
three men are playing basketball in a field .
four guys playing basketball .
three dogs are playing in the snow .
a black and white dog is biting a smaller brown dog in the grass .
three puppies playing in the grass .
a black dog is biting another dog .
a group of tourists waiting for a train at a train station .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman walks down the street .
a man standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are dancing outside .
two people having a conversation .
a biker is jumping over trees .
a mountain biker jumps into a hole .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
a biker rides a bike .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
two older men in winter coats talk outside .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is holding an accordion .
a bmx biker is jumping in the air .
a bicyclist is pulling a sign .
a bike rider is riding a bike .
a boy walks away from the camera .
a city street with people in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a city street with many people in the background .
a city street .
an artist working with clay .
a barber is working on his laptop .
a person is waiting for a picture .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants prepares to make a treat .
a woman in an apron is cooking .
a model takes a picture .
two firemen walk down the street .
firemen walking down the street .
two firemen are standing in front of a firetruck .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a child swimming underwater .
a group of people are racing on a track .
a group of people jumping into a body of water .
a small boy in a pool holding a toy .
a little boy is underwater underwater .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse .
a woman is working on a machine .
a man in a white shirt is slicing vegetables .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a machine .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food .
a man is running in a race .
two women are competing in a race .
a yoga class is being played .
a group of people are jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people doing yoga .
two men are riding a motorcycle .
a group of people wait outside a building .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man laying down on a blanket .
a white dog and brown dog in the air .
a boy sitting at a table in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is filling a piece of paper .
a girl is running on a trail .
three people are walking along a path .
a blond woman looking at something in a suitcase .
a woman is filling a suitcase .
a young woman in a black jacket is sitting on a bench in a black suitcase .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a street .
a woman in a band plays in a band .
a person is walking through a city square .
a man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a man smoking a cigarette on a scooter .
a man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk .
a couple dances and dancing .
people waiting for a race .
a group of people in orange vests wait for a race .
a group of people are dressed in colorful clothing .
people waiting for a race .
a group of runners waiting for a race .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a skier wearing a helmet is skiing .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a farmer is pulling a horse wagon .
children playing soccer on the beach .
people playing soccer .
a soccer game is being played .
soccer players competing in a field .
two men serving food .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing with the ball .
a child plays at a park .
a little boy in a brown shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child playing on a playground .
a person looking up .
three girls , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a woman is sitting in a grocery store .
a brown dog is running through the water .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting at a counter .
a mother and her two children at walmart .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a boy in a blue life jacket is standing in a boat .
a baseball player swinging for the ball .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs across the beach .
a dog runs on the beach .
a pitcher gets ready to throw a pitch .
a group of people are cheering on a field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
cheerleaders are cheering on a field .
a group of people cheering .
cheerleaders cheering .
a person in a blue shirt holding a butterfly .
a woman in a blue shirt looks at the camera .
a group of cheerleaders wearing red and white uniforms are dancing .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a lady is sitting on the floor next to the floor .
a group of people are standing in front of a wall .
two people are standing next to each other .
a dog in the water .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a group of people performing on stage .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a man and a woman in a hot tub .
a man is playing a guitar .
three dogs play in the snow .
a man and a woman are walking together .
a man sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is taking a picture of someone .
a man in a blue shirt playing a board game .
a group of people running in a marathon .
a man is sitting on a stool in front of a whiteboard .
a man in a white shirt is playing a game .
a man is sitting in front of a plate of chess .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
two men drinking beer .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a cart full of machinery .
a group of people listening to a speaker .
young people are gathered around a table .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a woman talks to a group of people .
a woman in a gray shirt talking to two women in an office .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
four people are standing next to a wall .
a woman talks to two women .
a teacher is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is looking at a man on a bench .
a couple having a conversation .
a man and a woman are looking at the camera .
a man showing a woman 's hair .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a man and a woman are looking at merchandise .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a woman is standing on the street with a man standing on the street .
a group of people in a street .
a man is showing a woman 's hair .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two men are playing on a lawn .
a child is smiling .
a child is sitting on his face on his face .
a group of girls are walking down a street .
a man is running behind a sled .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is making a snack .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a swing .
a toddler in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a toddler sitting in a chair with his mouth open .
a man is skiing down a hill .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is making a kick .
a man is sitting next to a body of water .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing near water .
four people sit near a body of water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two girls laying next to each other .
people are walking next to a body of water .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a turn on the road .
a young lady plays in front of a large building .
a man in a colorful shirt playing the accordion .
a man playing a guitar on a stage .
a man playing a guitar .
a street performer in a red shirt is trying to fix a drum set .
a man painting a building .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a man holding a little girl walking through a creek .
two people are walking down a path .
a vendor in a red shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people are walking down the street .
two girls are walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a young lady is looking at a camera .
a lady looking at a camera .
a lady sitting at a camera looking at a camera .
a young lady is looking at her camera .
a lady at a table taking pictures .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman looking at her cellphone .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his arms out .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a boy in a blue shirt holding his arms out from his head .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing a game .
a boy in a blue shirt plays in the grass .
a child in a yellow shirt is standing in a field .
a boy is holding his arms out .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a lady in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt looks at a shoe .
a man in a red shirt kicks a soccer ball .
a woman is laughing while sitting on a boat .
a group of people are playing jump rope .
several children are jumping rope in the middle of a road .
a woman in a blue shirt sewing something .
a group of people are playing jump rope .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
children are jumping rope .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
two wrestlers wrestling in a match .
two dogs look at each other .
a man in an orange shirt is holding a microphone .
a woman with a green sweater is smiling .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a smiling woman smiles .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a green sweatshirt is looking at something .
a climber scales a steep rock .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person jumping in the air .
a man stands at the bottom of a flight of stairs .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a couple is holding a child .
a group of people playing soccer .
a soccer player in a red jersey is jumping up in the air .
a football player in a red jersey is kicking a soccer ball .
a man and a woman are playing soccer .
people playing soccer .
two children are riding a wagon .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at jewelry .
a girl is blowing a butterfly .
a young man with his head on his head .
a girl is standing in front of a microphone .
an old couple is dancing in front of a table with a table in the background .
a couple is dancing together .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a counter .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing next to a group of people .
a little girl is picking up vegetables .
a large group of fruit and fruit .
a man in a black shirt is playing the trumpet .
children playing a game of monopoly .
a woman throws a frisbee to catch a frisbee .
people are walking in the street .
an asian city city street .
people walking down the street .
a group of people in an urban area .
a group of people in front of buildings .
a man is painting a picture of a building .
an old man is painting a portrait of a picture .
there are buildings in the background .
a busy city street .
a group of people in the street .
a crowded city street .
a crowded city street .
a boy in a blue shirt is making a snack .
a person is painting a picture .
a lot of cars on the street .
a car passes by a car .
a view of a city street .
a man in a white shirt holding a sign .
the cars are parked on the road .
a man is reading a map outside .
a girl in a brown shirt is dancing on a wooden floor .
two boys are skateboarding in a park .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a child in a blue shirt is dancing .
a firefighter is looking up at the sky .
a firefighter stands in a city street .
a fireman working on a construction site .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people standing near a large statue of a large statue .
a man is walking up a staircase .
a family stands in front of a van .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a group of children .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
several people in an alleyway .
a woman is talking to a group of children .
two men are standing in front of a sign .
a couple having a conversation .
a man is working on a bike .
a baby is walking on the ground .
a man playing soccer .
the bears are having a conversation .
two women talking to each other .
two women are carrying little girls .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two women , one in a black shirt and one in a pink shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is swimming in the water .
a group of people are dancing on the sidewalk .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a dog carries a stick in his mouth .
two children running in a race .
a boy in a costume is running by a girl in costume .
two children wearing costumes are standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two girls are doing yoga .
a group of people sitting around a table .
people waiting for a meal .
a group of people waiting for a meal .
a group of men sitting on a bench .
two workers are sitting at a table eating a meal .
construction workers sitting on a bench .
construction workers waiting for the train .
a man in a helmet rides a bike .
a motorcycle racer driving down the road .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a person looking off into the distance .
a man is riding a vehicle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
a man is driving a dirt bike .
a man is looking at something .
a girl is holding a glass .
a man in a red dress running behind a black dog .
a woman in a red jacket with a red scarf on her head .
a woman is throwing something to a dog .
a man is throwing something to a dog .
a man and a dog in a field .
a woman and a dog are playing in the grass .
a woman and a dog in a field .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a woman with a black dog is playing with a dog .
two men are laughing and laughing .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two women are sitting on a bench .
three people are sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
a man in military uniform is standing with three men .
a group of people are skydiving .
a woman looking at her purse at a restaurant .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman in a yellow shirt is sitting on a bench .
two children are playing on a trampoline .
a cowboy riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
a child pulling a toy wagon .
one man is writing on papers while another man stands behind him .
a bride and groom standing outside .
a man is playing a guitar .
a girl throwing rocks into a lake .
a man and a woman are hugging each other .
people standing on a grassy field .
a group of men working on a project .
an elderly woman in an orange shirt is putting on a piece of paper .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three men are standing in front of a car .
three men looking at a car .
a group of people are looking through a car .
firefighters inspecting a car .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a woman with her back to the camera .
a woman dressed in native garb is standing in front of a crowd .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a man pushing a stroller .
a man wearing a beret is walking through a park .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man walks by a store .
a young man with glasses on his face .
two dogs running along the shore .
a man in a blue sweater walks past a building .
a black and white dog jumping in a field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog catching a stick .
a group of people are looking at the camera .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a person is hanging upside down on the ground .
a group of people are hanging up in the air .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men are hanging on a wall .
a group of men are hanging on a wall .
a group of men are climbing up a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is hanging upside down .
a man in a blue shirt is hanging up to the camera .
two men are working on a project .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
two guys playing a game of basketball .
a man is painting a shop .
a man is putting up a poster .
a man hanging from a poster in front of a shop .
a man in front of a shop .
a man standing in front of a shop .
a football player in a green shirt and blue shorts is swinging on a field .
a crowd of people are watching a football game .
a group of people are sitting at a pool .
a man is bowling .
a man is standing in a bowling alley .
a man playing bowling .
a man is holding a green bowling ball in a bowling alley in a bowling alley .
a man is bowling .
a group of people sitting outside talking .
a group of men and women talking to each other .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people gathered on the grass .
a group of people playing soccer .
a dog plays in the water .
three boys are playing in the water .
a soccer game is being played .
a goalie in a blue jersey is trying to block a goal .
a soccer game is being played .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
a soccer game with a team in the background .
soccer players playing soccer .
a martial arts match .
a young man and a woman are playing music .
a group of people are playing in a park .
a man is playing an instrument .
a man in a white shirt plays the drums .
a man in a kilt is playing drums with a pole .
a group of people are working together .
a man in a cap is standing in front of a sign .
a man in a white shirt is holding a bell .
three young children are holding an apple in the air .
two young girls are playing in the snow .
children pose in front of a mountain .
three children pose for a picture .
a group of children posing for a picture .
three children are sitting on a rock .
an old man is standing outside of a building .
an old man is standing by a building .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
two women are working in a garden .
a person in an orange vest is standing in an orange field .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing around a bowl .
a group of people performing on stage .
a woman is lying on a bench .
two older men are cooking in front of a large tree .
a woman on top of her head .
two men are cooking in a kitchen .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
a man is parasailing in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a wakeboarder is balancing on the water .
a man is wakeboarding in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is falling off the water .
a choir is singing into a microphone .
a child is working with wood .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a person is looking into the water .
two people in front of a fountain .
a boy is painting a log .
a small child in a blue shirt is sitting on a log .
a child in a red shirt is painting a log .
a child is painting a tree .
a child is painting a picture .
a child is painting a picture .
two people are standing next to a fountain .
a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
two soccer players on the field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white dress is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a tuxedo is standing in front of a store .
a boy is walking across a patio .
a child is walking on the grass with a smile .
a young boy in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a group of people in a truck .
construction workers are standing in front of a building .
people standing in front of a building .
three men working on a roof .
three men are smiling and smiling .
a group of people in an asian country .
a woman walking in front of a building .
a surfer rides a wave .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman looking at the sky .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays in the grass .
a couple taking a picture .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
the little boy is taking a picture of the fountain .
a man is holding a balloon .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two people are standing next to each other .
a black and white dog is hugging .
a woman is standing next to two dogs .
a black and white dog is standing next to a woman .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are playing in the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two dogs playing with each other .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
a group of children are playing with toys .
two children are playing with an old metal sculpture .
two children are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing with toys .
two children are playing in the sand .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog is playing in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a scuba diver on top of rocks .
a black and white dog is biting a brown dog .
construction workers are looking at something .
construction workers are working together .
three construction workers work on a road .
construction workers on the side of a road .
three construction workers work on a road .
two construction workers are holding shovels and looking at something in the field .
three men in a field looking at something .
construction workers are looking at something in a field .
three men in a field .
three construction workers are working on a road .
two men are digging a hole .
two construction workers are working on the side of the road .
three guys are working on a project .
a group of people are working together .
two men are working on a roof .
a group of people in safety vests and hard hats are working on a tree .
two men working on a project .
a man talking on his cellphone .
two people are walking in the snow .
a car parked in a car .
a man and a woman are walking in the snow .
two people climbing a mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people are standing next to a vehicle .
a car parked in the middle of a car .
a woman in a blue bathing suit is standing in front of a waterfall .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white dress and a woman in a white dress are sitting in a plastic tree .
a woman is balancing on a tree branch .
a woman is walking down the street .
an older woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a dress holding a bird .
a group of people are walking on a tree .
a woman is holding a bird .
a woman and a bird are sitting together .
a person is walking down the street .
an older woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on the ground .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bird .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a tree in a tree .
a woman is standing next to a bird .
a lady in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
two people are standing next to a field .
two people are planting plants .
a girl walking in front of a mural of a cat .
a lady walks past a large painting of a large painting .
a man is walking in front of a wall with graffiti on it .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking in front of a man in a suit .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman looking at a mural .
a man is sitting on a wall with a camera .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is riding a horse .
two men are riding bikes .
a man sitting on a deck on a deck .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person is standing next to a fishing pole .
a man is sitting on a bench with fishing poles .
a man fishing .
two men and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people looking out the window of a window .
a group of people are gathered around a building .
a guitarist sings into a microphone .
a man playing the guitar .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a polo shirt is playing a game .
people playing instruments for money .
two men playing music on a street corner .
a lady is walking down the street .
a girl taking a picture .
a person is jumping over a hurdle .
street performers performing on stage .
a woman is throwing a cricket ball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog swims in the water .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a dog swims in the water .
a fire crew on a fire .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog in the water .
a young boy is sitting on a computer .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing meat .
a woman is working on a pick machine .
a woman is preparing meat in front of a wooden counter .
a group of children are in a room .
a woman is walking past a large tree .
a group of people waiting for customers .
a black man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is looking at the camera .
a man is painting a house on the side of a house .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a group of children are sitting on the ground .
a boy is playing in the woods .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young child walks through the woods .
a child running over leaves .
a child runs through the woods .
a child is running in a race .
a crew is getting ready for a speech .
two men are having a conversation .
a group of people are preparing for a game .
three people are watching a basketball game .
a group of people are gathered at a sporting event in a stadium .
a group of people are standing in front of a fire .
a little girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a fountain .
a little girl wearing a pink and white dress is sitting in a chair .
a child in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young girl in a pink outfit is holding a pink hula hoop .
a man poses next to a road sign .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
a little boy is standing in the water .
a nurse kisses her daughter .
three children standing at the shore of a lake .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy in a yellow kayak paddles through the water .
three children are standing next to a large lake with boats in the background , with three boats in the background .
a man is running through the grass .
a young man is rowing a canoe .
a small child in a swimming pool .
a child with a bowl on her head .
a group of people looking at books .
a nurse is working on a patient .
a woman watches a woman in a white shirt .
a small child is holding a book .
a baby is sleeping in a hospital bed .
a girl reading a book .
a crowd watches a baseball game .
a baseball player in a red jersey is playing a baseball game .
a baseball player prepares to hit the ball .
a man in a red and white uniform is holding a bat .
a person in a white shirt is doing a handstand .
a boat sits alone on a boat .
a girl in a tank top is running .
a group of people competing in a race .
two men talk at the beach .
four people are skating on a track .
a group of people playing basketball on the ice .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a group of people are walking down the street .
soccer players running on the grass .
runners running in a marathon .
a man in a white shirt is holding a box .
a man in a blue shirt is filling a metal bucket .
a man working on a roof .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand on the ground .
an old man is trying to cross the street .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a girl is reading a book while sitting on a bench .
two men are working on a project .
two men are working outside a building .
two men and a man are working behind a fence .
two men working on a roof .
two men work behind a fence .
two men looking at something .
two workers are opening a wire box .
people in green shirts work behind a chain fence .
people working in a yard .
two guys having a conversation .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people in the snow .
a man is getting ready to throw a ball .
people waiting for a train .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two little dogs run across the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
three people are playing in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a jacket stands in front of two women .
a woman in a white shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt and black shorts .
two people looking at balls .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
a puppy is playing in the grass .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man is holding a guitar .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band plays in a band .
children playing in a tire swing .
an elderly man playing a guitar on stage .
students working on an art class in a classroom .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs fighting in a field .
a group of cheerleaders cheering .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman writing on a magazine .
a woman is using a microscope .
a woman looking through a microscope .
here is a picture of a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass .
a group of people on a tour boat .
a group of people are swimming in a lake .
a black dog running in the snow .
a woman in a black dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl is showing her fingers .
two women are playing frisbee .
two women are playing basketball .
two women playing video game .
two women are playing frisbee .
three women playing frisbee .
two men selling vegetables at an outdoor market .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a man is working at a vegetable stand .
a woman in a white shirt is brushing her teeth .
a young man playing the saxophone .
a band is singing .
a boy in a blue shirt playing a guitar .
a school band is playing on stage .
people are singing and playing instruments .
a band plays music .
four people at a festival .
a band is performing on stage .
a woman in a black jacket is smiling .
two men in wheelchairs are in wheelchairs .
a person in a wetsuit is surfing with a surfboard .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a referee is talking to a referee .
a man and woman having a conversation .
two teams playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on a wall .
two men playing basketball .
a group of people are watching a soccer ball .
two young boys are sitting on a bench .
two young boys are washing their hands .
asian women in a parade .
a man in shorts and sunglasses is taking a picture .
three people are walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are enjoying a meal .
a woman and a man standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a group of adults are sitting on a bench .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is drinking a drink while another man watches .
people walking on a street .
a view of a city street with many people in the background .
a view of a city street with many people walking in the background .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man and a woman are singing and playing instruments in front of a microphone .
a woman is taking a drink from a drink .
a group of old people are singing and playing instruments .
a group of people are standing around in the grass .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two dogs run across dry grass .
two dogs are running in the grass .
two dogs play on the beach .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is paddling a boat .
two dogs play in the yard .
a young girl in a white shirt is sitting on a table .
a girl is smiling at the camera .
a girl is pointing at the camera .
a group of girls dressed in blue are smiling .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a camera .
a girl smiles at the camera .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a group of girls in blue and blue uniforms are walking down a street .
a person in a swimming pool .
two indian women dancing at a wedding .
two children play in the sand .
a girl in a blue dress is playing at a playground .
a swimmer is getting ready to swim .
a bearded man in an orange shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a swimmer swims in the water .
a person swimming in the water .
a child wearing a green shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass .
four people are sitting on a bench .
two guys sit on the beach near the water .
a small group of adults and children are sitting in a circle .
a group of people sitting on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a black and white dog rolls over the ground .
a group of people in a bus .
a woman in a white shirt is dancing .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a young girl is drawing with crayons .
a woman drawing a picture .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a man in a white shirt is using a notebook .
a woman is putting a mop on a loom .
a student draws on a poster .
a man in a parade in a parade .
a person is looking through a mirror .
a woman is looking into a swimming pool .
a person is riding a bike in front of a wall .
a baseball player swings his bat .
a woman walks with her dog .
a man is riding a bicycle down a sidewalk .
a tennis player hitting the ball .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a bmx rider is doing tricks on a bike .
two guys are riding their bikes .
a lady painting a picture .
a woman in a purple shirt is painting a picture .
a woman is painting a picture .
people on a bridge .
a group of young boys are standing in the shadows .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple enjoying lunch in a park .
a group of children in hooded sweatshirts are standing on the sidewalk .
a little girl is smiling .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a little girl in a colorful hat is standing in front of a large crowd .
a girl in a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl wearing a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing on her head .
a child laying down on a bed .
a little girl poses for the camera .
a group of people are standing in front of a tower .
three men are walking down the street .
an asian child in an orange shirt is holding an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is using a hammer to make a break .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
a man looking through a telescope .
people walking in new york city .
a crowd of people are walking at night .
a photographer takes a picture .
a person sitting on a bench .
a girl swings on a swing .
a girl is sitting on a bench on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench on a bench .
people walking down the street .
two people walking across a bridge .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a baby is walking in a plaza .
monks selling vegetables in a market .
teenagers are sitting in a school hallway .
a baby sitting on top of a slide .
a woman in a purple shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are hiking .
people walking up stairs .
a man and a young girl are walking on the steps of a red bridge .
two people walking up a bridge .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a child learning to swim .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting in a garden .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting at a table drinking beer .
a man in a suit is holding a beer .
a man wearing a black tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting in a backyard .
a man in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a wooden bowl .
a little girl slides down a tube .
a black and white dog has a ball in its mouth .
a man sings into a microphone .
a bride and groom kiss .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people performing in front of fans .
a group of soldiers are having a conversation .
a young boy is playing with a hose .
a group of men stand around a playground .
a group of firefighters in a field .
a group of military men in military military military uniforms .
a young girl and two boys ride down a dirt road .
a group of people are walking along a creek .
two boys are standing next to a body of water .
five young boys playing in the water .
asian people are sitting at a table .
a person is jumping in the air .
three children are playing in the snow .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a baseball .
a man in a green shirt is looking at the camera .
a man is sitting on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a large wheel wheel .
an older man in an orange outfit is holding an umbrella .
a man and a woman are fighting .
two teenagers are sleeping on a couch .
a man in a white shirt is making coffee .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman walking down the street .
a little girl swings on a swing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a band plays music .
street vendors selling goods on a cobblestone street .
the horse is running .
a group of people are eating food .
a person jogging down the street .
three people sitting at a table at a picnic table .
a family looks over at a restaurant .
people talking to each other .
a group of chinese people are gathered in front of a building .
a man is showing a picture of a man in a white shirt .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman in a black dress is performing in a parade .
a man is painting the side of a building .
a crowd of people standing under a sign .
a group of adults are sitting on a bench .
a car is parked in front of a train .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
two men are sitting on a bench .
three men playing musical instruments .
three construction workers working at a construction site .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
construction workers working on a building .
a man working on a project .
two men doing construction work .
two men are working on a roof .
two guys doing construction work .
two construction workers are doing construction work .
two men working on a construction site .
construction workers on a platform are carrying up buildings in the background .
three older men are performing in a concert .
two children are playing soccer .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a white man with black hair and a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a young boy in a black t shirt is doing a handstand on stage .
a man is holding a microphone .
two dogs are walking in the grass .
a young man singing into a microphone .
a guy sings into a microphone .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
two women pose for the camera .
a woman looking off at something .
a woman in a heavy coat stands on a patio .
a woman in a tan jacket is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a brick door .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of adults playing in the water .
a person in an orange shirt is standing next to a person wearing an orange shirt .
a man and a woman are standing in a field .
three men smiling and smiling .
a group of people are playing outside .
a group of people are standing near water .
a man in a white shirt is drilling a hole into a net .
basketball players playing basketball .
a girl swimming in a pool .
two basketball players playing basketball .
two men in a gym .
a man smokes a cigarette outside .
a woman doing yoga .
a toddler is smiling .
a man sings into a microphone .
a toddler is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man is running with a book in front of him .
a little boy with a red shirt is standing next to a red chair .
a flight attendant is putting on a show .
a pilot sits on a plane .
a flight attendant waits for passengers .
an elderly woman is sitting on a woman 's lap .
a woman is sitting in an airplane .
two asian women walk down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
two asian girls are walking together .
two women are walking down the street .
two young women are walking down the street .
two young women walk down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two young women walk down the street .
two girls are walking together .
two women walk down a sidewalk .
two friends walk down the street .
two people walk down the street .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing the guitar .
a man standing outside of a building .
a woman is standing outside of a shop .
a musician playing a guitar .
two girls are holding up their friends .
a biker is getting ready to ski .
a man and a woman are looking at a boat .
two women in a room with one another .
a person is climbing a rock .
a person rides a motorcycle .
two girls are getting ready to jump .
two girls are picking up one another .
three girls are playing together .
a man and a woman lift each other .
three girls are working together .
a dog runs on grass .
a dog playing in a field .
a brown dog runs across the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
asian man shooting a gun .
a man shaving his gun .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a gun .
four kids playing a game on a basketball court .
an asian man prepares to shoot a gun .
a man stands in a bathroom with a coffee cup .
a man drinking in the bathroom .
a woman in a towel is sitting in a bathroom .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man with a hat on his head .
a woman walks down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a tank top is holding a bottle of water .
a woman walks down a city street .
a person walking along the side of the road .
a group of people are writing on their back .
a couple is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a woman in a green t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a girl walking down the street .
a little girl walking on a sidewalk .
a girl riding a dirt bike on a dirt road .
a small girl is walking down a dirt road .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man in black is playing a guitar .
a woman is waiting at an airport .
a woman waits at an airport .
a group of people waiting for a bus .
a group of people waiting for a train .
a child doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a band performs on stage .
a woman in a black shirt walks in the street .
a man with a blue hat and glasses is standing in front of a blue sign .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people at the aquarium of the water .
two people are having a conversation .
a man in a white shirt is doing a laundry move .
a person is standing in a public place .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is working in a kitchen .
a group of people are watching a fish .
a group of people are watching fish .
people looking at fish in an aquarium .
people looking at fish .
people at an aquarium looking at fish .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people are sitting in a boat .
a man is swimming in the water .
mother and son swimming in a pool .
a woman is playing in the water .
a group of girls wearing traditional makeup .
a band plays on stage .
a young girl in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child are sitting on the floor .
a woman and a young girl are sitting on a bench .
a woman is giving a little girl how to kiss a little girl .
a woman eating with a toddler .
a woman is giving a girl to a young girl .
a woman is holding a plate of food .
a young girl is sitting at a table in a martial arts class .
a lady in a white shirt is feeding her daughter .
a woman feeding a little girl .
a man and a woman at a sink .
a woman is feeding her young child .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is taking a photo .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman in a black dress is taking a photo .
a lady is taking a picture .
an asian woman in sunglasses holding a phone .
a man playing the accordion .
a man playing a saxophone in a building .
a ship in the water .
a man playing a guitar on a stage .
a group of people are fishing on a boat .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a lady is talking on a cellphone .
a woman sitting on her cellphone talking on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on his forehead .
a priest with his back to his shoulder .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing next to each other .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man in a white robe is holding his hand on his forehead .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a mirror .
two people are hugging each other .
a group of people are looking at the dirt .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people are hiking in the woods .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people on a bridge .
three women are riding a balloon ride .
a group of people in a hot air balloon .
a group of people sitting in a large balloon .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a ride .
children ride around a carnival ride .
a group of children are riding on the ground .
kids ride on a roller coaster ride .
a group of children ride on a float ride on a sunny day .
a cart full of people on a ride .
a young person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a scooter .
a young boy is riding a scooter on a path .
a group of people standing in a crowd .
two girls are performing martial arts .
a canoe in a river .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in front of a group of people .
a crowd of people are looking at something .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a young girl in a red dress is standing in a crowd .
a large wall with graffiti on it .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people with graffiti painted on it .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is throwing a ball .
a band is playing music outside .
a band is performing on stage .
a band plays music .
a band is listening to music .
a small crowd is listening to a band .
two adults are standing in the snow .
a woman is singing on stage .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a man and a woman are playing in the snow .
a man pointing at a crowd .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a person is standing in the middle of the street with a car in the background .
two men standing in the middle of a square .
a man in a blue shirt is walking along the street at night .
a woman is sitting in a grocery store .
a woman is giving another woman 's hair .
a woman is painting another woman 's hand .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a couch .
a dog swims in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs are walking in the water .
a white dog looking over a ledge .
two dogs play in the water .
a person in blue slides down a tan slide .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a dark haired boy is sitting on a wooden structure .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
a gray dog runs through the grass .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of people standing at the starting line .
a person with a cane is walking on a sidewalk .
a man playing tennis .
two men doing construction work .
a person is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a person in red is sitting on the beach .
a man in a red shirt is hiding in the shade .
a small tree is sitting under a tree .
a man sitting on the beach on the beach .
people enjoying the beach .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a man is hanging from a rope .
a dog is carrying something in its mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a pole .
a boy in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a man pulling a cart on a cart .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a group of young girls at a party .
a group of people in a crowded area .
a large group of people are standing outside of a tent .
a group of people wearing glasses .
a man is riding his bike .
a group of friends on a beach .
a group of men are walking on the beach .
a sign on a city street .
a man and woman look off into the distance .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are standing in front of a microphone .
a chef in a kitchen is preparing food .
a man with a tattoo on his arm is holding a tattoo .
a tattooed man in a black shirt is holding a tattoo .
a man is cooking a meal .
a man in a white shirt is bowling .
a blond woman is looking at her daughter 's hair .
a policeman with his hands in his pockets .
a group of people in a store .
a security guard standing next to a car .
a girl getting her hair done .
a man is standing next to a trailer .
a man carries sunglasses on a piece of wood .
a young man with a tan hat is standing in front of a brick wall .
a young man in a white shirt is standing in front of a kitchen counter .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is standing in a house .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a green shirt standing next to a house .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is working on a bike .
a homeless man is sitting on a bench .
a man is working on his vehicle .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing under a large tent .
a boy in a red bikini swimming in a pool .
a man is running in a race .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a child is sitting in a chair .
a man is drawing a picture of pigeons .
a young boy in a swimsuit is jumping into the water .
a man is laughing .
a woman is standing in the middle of a crowded room holding a glass .
a woman smiles at the camera .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two people are making funny faces .
two men playing a musical instrument .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman cleans a bucket of water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a crane in the air .
two men climbing a rock wall .
two men are working on a building .
two men are working on a wall .
two men working on a construction site .
a man in a white shirt is holding a white shirt .
a man is cooking meat on a grill .
two men are cooking outside .
a man and a woman are preparing food with a torch .
two children , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are in the middle of a street .
a group of people are cooking .
a man playing the guitar .
two dogs run in a field .
two men are standing in a dumpster .
two children ride their sled .
children sledding down a hill .
a man in a canoe in a canoe .
a man is sitting in a boat .
two children are sleeping on the sidewalk in a crowded area .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a woman is listening to headphones .
a man and a woman are watching something .
a group of people sitting and talking .
a man in a gray hoodie is sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is working with equipment .
a man is working on a wood project .
a man with a red face is sitting on a bench .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog shaking its mouth .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a dog is trying to catch a stick .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a duck swims in the water .
a group of people in the water .
a flock of people are walking through the water .
a man rides his bicycle past a food market .
a man rides a bike past a grocery store .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man rides his bicycle past a shop .
two young girls are sitting on a bench reading books .
a man wearing sunglasses is kneeling on top of a house .
a man swimming in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the water .
a dog is running through the water .
a swimmer swims in the lake .
two people performing on stage .
a little boy is flying a toy airplane in a field .
two women sit next to a shop .
a young person is playing with an object .
a boy is playing in a field .
a child is playing with a toy airplane .
a person walking through the rain .
a man in a rain jacket is standing in the rain .
a man walking in the rain .
a man is swimming in the water .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man walking down the street holding his guitar .
a man is playing the bagpipes .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar on the sidewalk .
two guys are walking down the street .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people are dancing .
two girls are looking at something .
two ladies looking at a map .
two women wearing hard hats and goggles are looking at a notebook .
two women with their eyes closed .
two girls are looking at a book .
five women are dancing .
four people are dancing with a red ribbon in the background .
a group of dancers performing ballet .
a man is riding a red bike .
a man rides a bike in the street .
a man dragging a wagon on a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is balancing on one wheel .
a man in a red shirt is sitting in a chair in a diner .
people sitting by a body of water .
a child is hugging another child .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man reading a paper .
a man is reading a newspaper outside .
a man is reading a newspaper outside .
a man reading a book in front of a building .
a group of children are walking on a sidewalk .
a boy in a blue shirt is skating with several other people .
three children ice skating .
three people are skating on a track .
a group of kids are rollerskating .
a toddler swings on a swing .
a man in a coat stands in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt is throwing a stick .
a man is holding a stick .
a man in a kilt throwing a stick .
a man getting ready to throw a stick .
a football player in a blue jersey is running on the field .
a young couple hugging each other .
a woman with a tattoo on her head is standing on a sidewalk .
an old man with a newspaper reading a newspaper .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
four musicians playing a musical instrument .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments outside .
a man with a bike is playing the drums .
a man is listening to music on the street .
four musicians playing instruments .
a group of young people playing musical instruments outside .
a band plays in the street .
three people are standing on the street .
a line of people waiting for a train .
people waiting for a train .
a group of police cars in front of a trolley .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer on a grassy field .
two young men playing soccer .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a table .
people sitting at a table in an asian country .
a man in a blue shirt playing pool .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person is sitting on the sidewalk and looking at something .
a man sits alone in front of a building .
a child is playing at a playground .
a young boy rides a horse at a playground .
a boy rides a horse .
a child on a merry go round .
a boy is riding a horse .
a man in a blue shirt is using his shoes .
two martial artists fighting .
a swimmer getting ready to swim .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is holding goggles .
a man is holding goggles .
a black swimmer is holding a stick .
people standing in front of a monument .
a man in a blue shirt playing pool .
a woman is standing next to a construction site .
two children are playing football .
a man walking up the steps .
a child holding a paddle in the water .
a person walking up stairs .
a man climbing stone steps .
a young child in a red shirt playing a game .
a man is using a piece of equipment .
a child is playing in a cricket field .
a kid is playing cricket .
a baby crying in the crib .
two guys riding skateboards on a sunny day .
two boys are riding skateboards .
a skateboarder jumps in the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a band is performing .
a motocross rider on a motorbike .
people playing in the snow .
three people are walking in the water .
a small group of fishermen are standing in the snow at an ice boat .
a group of people in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people getting ready to go out of the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing a staircase .
a boy is walking up stairs .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is sitting in a library .
a man and a woman dressed in native garb .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black and white dog is shaking out of water .
a black and white dog runs through shallow water with a stream of water .
a white dog is shooting water in a white dog .
a white and white dog is running through the snow .
a black and white dog is in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a bride and groom in a wedding ceremony .
a bride and groom taking a picture .
four people are having a conversation at a table .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man is playing basketball on a basketball court .
a man is playing basketball on a basketball court .
a man and a woman are cleaning dishes at a laundromat .
an audience is watching a concert .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are walking down a narrow alley .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a laundry move .
two customers are doing laundry .
a man is looking at a large machine .
a man on top of a cliff .
two girls picking flowers outside .
a man looking at the water .
a man stands on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a man is climbing a rocky cliff overlooking the ocean .
a person standing on the edge of rocks near the ocean .
a man standing outside of a building .
a woman in a red cap is sitting in a chair .
a girl looking away from the camera .
a girl is fishing .
a woman is fishing in a lake .
a woman with red hair and a red shirt is holding a red purse .
a girl wearing a headband and a headband .
a woman with red hair looking past the camera .
a woman with blond hair and glasses is looking at something .
people are cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people are cooking and cooking .
a group of people are cooking at a fire .
a group of people waiting for a meal .
a group of friends gather around a picnic table .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a woman is walking in front of a wall .
a small dog jumping in the air .
a black and white dog is sniffing his dog .
a small dog jumping in the air with a small dog .
a dog is running through the water .
a black and white dog is walking through the water .
a bike rider rides through the woods .
people talking on a balcony .
a young girl plays in the snow .
a woman standing outside of a building .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is standing on a curb looking at his cellphone .
a man sleeping in a doorway .
a woman is sitting on a bench looking at his cellphone .
a man taking pictures of a model in a parking lot .
a baby is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is making bread .
a group of cheerleaders on a field .
a group of cheerleaders in red and white outfits are praying .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a group of cheerleaders dressed in red , red , and white uniforms .
a child smiles at the camera .
a small child with a red shirt smiles while sitting in a hut .
a child is playing with a box .
a bicyclist rides down the road .
a woman is riding a bike .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a person riding a bike .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are dancing .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man and a woman having a conversation .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a large white dog is standing in the grass .
a man and a woman at a desk .
a racing dog is running in a race .
a black and white dog is running through water .
a greyhound running in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a dog is running on a racetrack .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog running in a race .
a man standing at a market .
a person doing tricks on a motorbike .
a motorcyclist on a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist rides his bike .
a person riding a motorcycle on a dirt bike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a man is working on a machine .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a man is riding a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
a young adult is standing on one hand .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
a man with his hands on the ground .
a blond woman in a floral dress is holding a cup .
a lady is reading a book while listening to music .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a book .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
two people standing on a road near a building .
a red building with a sign .
two people are walking on the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man and a woman are standing next to a jewelry store .
three men , one in a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is playing a saxophone .
a man in a pirate costume is listening to music .
a group of people watching a performance .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is standing on a billboard .
a young man is skateboarding .
two dogs racing on a track .
a group of runners racing on a track .
two dogs racing in a race .
a young man is riding a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a group of people are standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man is skating down a ramp .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a park bench .
a man in a green shirt stands in a field .
a little boy is watching a toy train .
a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man and a woman are holding their arm over their arm .
two women sitting on a rock .
a young boy wearing an apron is standing in front of a store .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a skateboard .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on blankets .
a girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl is twirling a hula hoop .
a girl is playing with a ribbon .
a girl in a pink top is spinning a ribbon .
a girl in a pink shirt with a pink shirt on .
a skier is jumping over the ground .
a man in a ski mask is skiing .
a skier is skiing down a mountain .
a skier is skiing down the snow .
a man reading a book .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs are playing in the snow .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs are facing each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman in a red shirt and blue shorts is playing on a giant red and red barrel .
a woman is playing a board game .
a man in a red shirt is playing a game of basketball .
a man is playing a game of checkers .
a boy is looking at a train set .
a woman in a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is bowling .
a woman in a blue shirt is bowling .
a dancer poses for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dancer poses for a photo .
a woman in a red dress is hula hooping .
two young boys playing with toys .
a person wearing a green hat and a green hat is standing in a field .
a boy playing with a toy gun .
a young boy is playing with a toy gun .
a young man plays with a toy in the dark .
a little boy is playing with a toy gun .
a group of people standing around a farm cow .
a group of people are standing in a dirt field with a camel in the background .
a group of children and children are petting sheep .
five people are planting sheep .
a group of people are standing in front of sheep .
a man wearing a beret is standing in front of a microphone .
a young boy in a blue shirt is throwing a sword .
two people on a train looking at something .
people on a train .
people are running on a train .
a man with a hat on a train .
the conductor is looking out the window .
a man is riding a train .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding his family .
a boy is swinging a baseball bat .
a little boy wearing a red helmet is hitting a ball .
a boy in a blue shirt playing a game .
a man is taking a picture of a woman .
a lady is crying .
a lady in a white shirt is opening a present .
a woman is crying .
a woman in a blue shirt is crying .
a young lady is crying .
a man in a blue shirt is being held by a man .
a group of people having a conversation .
an older man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a group of men are playing instruments .
a couple in the shadows .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of elderly people in a dark area .
an old man is looking into a dumpster .
a little boy is holding a baby .
two young adults are at a rodeo .
two young adults are riding a horse .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a young adult is helping another child in a rodeo .
two adults are at a rodeo .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a woman drilling a rock .
a little boy is taking a picture of a young girl .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a young boy holds a crying baby .
two toddlers are sitting on a bench .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth .
a group of cheerleaders in red and white uniforms perform .
a young boy in a red shirt holds his finger in the sand .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
four children are playing in the snow .
four children are climbing on a snowy hill .
two children climbing a hill with snow covered mountains .
a woman in a white gown and a woman in a white gown .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a bride and groom standing near a fence .
a man is making his way through traffic .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking across a street with his tie .
a man walking across a city street .
two women sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a person is preparing food .
a man is flipping a pancake in a pan .
a black male in a black shirt standing on the street .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is cooking in his driveway .
a man in a black shirt is cooking in front of a garage .
a man is standing in front of a garage door .
a man in a white shirt is holding a knife .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man standing in front of a garage door .
a man standing in front of a garage .
a man and a woman are talking to an elderly woman .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a man in a dark shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a dog stands with a toy in its mouth .
a man with a cake and a cake .
a man is standing next to a cake .
a man in a white shirt is celebrating a birthday .
a man in a white shirt is blowing a birthday cake .
a man in a blue shirt is making a birthday cake .
a person is preparing food .
a group of people having a birthday cake .
a wedding party is being played .
a man with an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
a man in a white shirt is working in a cake .
a long line at a tent .
people standing next to a blue tent .
people standing in line .
a group of people standing behind a fence .
a woman is walking through a park .
a person walking down a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young girl carrying a bag walks down the street .
a person walking down the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a living room .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is juggling a
a man juggling three balls .
an african american boy is holding up a football .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a golf racket .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is holding a ball .
a man in a white shirt is working on a boat .
six children laughing .
a woman and a baby are sitting on a couch .
a group of children are leaning on a wall .
six children smiling .
a person on a snowy mountain .
children are posing for a picture .
a group of people standing in front of a pillar .
a group of young people are sitting on a carnival .
a group of adults relax on a bench .
two guys in a boxing ring .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant .
two men are standing next to each other .
a boy blowing bubbles .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
several chefs cooking in a kitchen .
people are cooking in a kitchen .
chefs are cooking in a kitchen .
a boy blowing bubbles .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman playing the guitar .
a person is using a hammer .
an artist works on a piece of art .
a man in a sweater carving a piece of stone .
a man in a blue shirt is drilling into a rock .
an artist is working on a large rock .
a rock climber is rock climbing .
a group of boys are competing in a race .
runners in the snow .
children running in the snow .
a man in a white shirt is handing bananas on the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man surfing on a surfboard .
a group of cyclists racing in a race .
a black man with a mustache is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a man stands in front of a room full of people .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer surfing in the ocean .
men riding bicycles in a crowd .
a group of cyclists are riding bikes .
a surfer surfs in the water .
people are standing outside at a market .
a dog runs in the woods .
a man is standing in a room with two other people .
a group of people in a room .
a man and a woman are hanging out of water .
two people are standing in a room .
a man and a woman in a room .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people in a bathtub .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a baby is being held by a man .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman with blond hair sings into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man and a family are sitting on some stairs .
a girl is shoveling snow .
a child is shoveling snow .
two girls are lying on the grass .
a man is shoveling snow .
two young boys in a martial arts match .
a person standing against a wall .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
a group of girls on a basketball field .
two young women playing soccer on a soccer field .
a teenager is playing soccer .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food .
a photographer takes a picture .
a man is preparing to take a picture .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
two girls are posing for the camera .
two girls laying on the grass .
two girls are laying on the grass listening to music .
two girls are playing in the snow .
two young girls listening to music .
a man is waiting for customers .
two girls are listening to music .
a family poses on top of a mountain .
three people posing in front of a mountain .
two men standing by a window .
two guys are standing next to a fire .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman are looking at night .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
people are walking in the street .
two people sleeping on a bench .
a snowboarder takes a huge jump .
two women are walking on a sidewalk .
a cyclist in a red shirt is getting ready to ride a race .
a man is running in a field .
a person is riding a bike .
a cyclist rides down a road .
two guys on bikes .
a child playing on a slide .
two men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike on a dirt path .
children laying on the floor .
a man and a woman look off into the distance .
a man is dancing at a park .
a group of people are fishing .
a woman and two children are walking down the street .
a woman walks down the street .
two girls are sitting on the carpet .
young people playing in the snow .
two black dogs run next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man playing tennis .
two tennis players are playing tennis .
a man and a woman are sitting on rocks .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her eyes closed .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue life jacket is playing a guitar .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar on stage .
a woman playing a guitar .
a musician playing the guitar .
a woman in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of asian people sitting on a bench .
a group of homeless people walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a man looking at a mirror .
a man is sitting on a bus reading a newspaper .
a man is waiting for the bus .
a group of young people sit on the ground .
a woman working on an orange juice machine .
a group of women dressed in red are walking down the street .
a woman in a coat is standing in the snow .
a woman is shoveling snow .
a woman is standing next to a phone booth .
a woman in a red coat is walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is standing in the snow .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a batter in a white shirt and blue jeans is holding a bat .
a group of people at a conference .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a child playing on the beach .
a large hole in the road .
a white man in a white shirt with graffiti on it .
a man is working on a sculpture on a sculpture .
a man with long hair is using a saw .
a man working on a sculpture .
a man in an orange shirt is painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is using a hammer .
people walking down a street .
a man working on an art sculpture .
a group of people holding a conversation .
a group of people walking down the street .
two men working on a project .
an asian man is watching another cook in a kitchen .
two men having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a building .
two men talking to each other .
a person in a red shirt is running down a sandy hill .
a man in a green shirt is performing on stage .
two girls playing soccer .
two adults are sitting in a building .
girls playing soccer .
two girls playing soccer .
two girls in red and white and white striped shirts are sitting in a red and white stroller .
two young girls are playing soccer .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two people are walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is riding a bike .
a person riding a bike in a parking lot .
a person is riding a bike .
men painting a business .
a mother and her child are walking down the aisle .
two young girls are sitting in a sink .
a man with blond hair and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man in a maroon shirt is standing next to a wall .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is bent over .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is holding a sign .
a dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a man wearing safety gear stands on a scaffold .
a person is painting a picture .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at her computer .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is talking to a group of children .
people standing in front of a food booth .
a woman is holding her hands over her eyes .
a group of people looking at a booth .
a group of elderly people are sitting in a food store .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man walking past a building .
two women are looking at something .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
people looking at a mountain .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a vehicle .
two small girls , one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a pink shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a man is surfing a wave .
two children are carrying luggage .
a man hangs in the air .
a young boy in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a young boy in a white t shirt rides a white surfboard in the water .
a man is surfing on a surfboard .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette in the evening .
a man smokes a cigarette .
a man smokes a cigarette .
a man is lying on a bench .
a young man smoking a cigarette .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a person in a red shirt is reading a book .
a man in shorts sits on steps .
a person sitting on steps .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man is sitting on stairs .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a man on a ladder leans on a statue .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a statue of a statue of a statue .
a man is shoveling snow in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person stands in the snow with a shovel .
a woman rock climbing .
a person in an orange shirt lays on a wall .
a dog runs through the grass .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is using a basketball .
a man looking at something .
a man working on a project .
a man in a red shirt is standing next to a red car .
a car is spraying water .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man climbing a tree .
a group of people in a bar .
a man wearing sunglasses and a leather jacket points into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a tree stump .
a construction worker looks at the construction site .
a group of people competing in a race .
a young man is looking at a telescope .
a group of girls wearing blue and white uniforms .
an asian man in a white shirt and black pants is running with a man in a white shirt .
a group of young girls , one wearing a red jersey and the other wearing a red jersey , are practicing a routine .
a group of men in a race .
runners running on a track .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a baby .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is setting up a telescope .
a man and a woman are holding bags .
a girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is sleeping on a bench .
a man in a blue jacket is holding a blue jacket .
a person in a jacket is standing in front of a building .
a man sleeping in a chair .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a person is falling out of the sky .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is fishing .
a crowd of people waiting for an event .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are watching a performance .
a black and white dog is sitting on a basketball court .
a group of people are walking in a field .
a group of people are watching a soccer game .
a group of people are watching a basketball game .
a group of people sitting outside a building .
a person walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt crossing the road .
two girls posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a crosswalk .
an elderly woman on a busy street .
four children are standing by a camera .
a man looking through a telescope .
two girls are standing in front of a building .
a dog jumps over a log .
two children are walking in a parking lot .
a dog is climbing a fence .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog leaps into the air .
a black dog is climbing over a bridge .
a person in an orange hoodie lays on top of an awning .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through grass .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are sitting in a chair .
a dog runs through a grassy field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through a field .
a dog runs across a field of grass .
people are sitting at a table eating food .
a man and a woman are eating .
a man is performing on stage .
a man and a woman eating .
two elderly people are eating food .
a little girl is playing in the snow .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a basketball player dribbles the basketball .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman standing on the highway .
a man and a woman standing next to a motorcycle .
a man in an orange shirt stands next to a woman in an orange jacket .
a man and a woman standing on the highway .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a man talking to a woman .
a man and a woman standing on the side of a motorcycle .
a man and a woman are standing on a street looking at a red car .
a motorcycle drives on a racetrack .
a group of people are standing on the road .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a couple is riding motorcycles on a highway .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people standing in the highway looking at motorcycles .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
construction workers are looking at a crane .
two women in dresses are standing in a crowd .
two women are playing video games .
two women are playing with children .
a woman in a white shirt is playing with a hula hoop
two ladies are walking down the street .
two men are working on a building .
people working on a building .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a blue shirt is playing with a hula hoop .
a person jumping over a wave .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young girl and a woman walk down the sidewalk .
a dog swims in the water .
a van is parked in front of a house .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a child is holding a broom in his hand .
a man reading a book .
a white toddler is sweeping the floor .
a man is holding a broom .
a child in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a child in a blue shirt is cleaning the floor .
a man is holding a sword .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a sword .
a guy doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man is holding a sword .
a boy is holding a sword .
construction workers at a construction site .
a black man sings into a microphone .
a team of football players in the water .
a group of football players in the middle of the field .
a football team is cleaning off the water .
two teenage boys wearing yellow and blue uniforms are playing soccer .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a young girl poses near a body of water .
a little girl is sitting on a rock .
a woman is standing in the middle of a pond .
a person is sitting next to a body of water .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
kids playing with balls .
kids are sliding into a ball pit .
a group of children playing soccer in a field .
a person is standing on a railing .
a person posing on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a young girl is playing in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of men and women are looking at something in the distance .
a young girl is playing a guitar .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a kitchen is working in a kitchen .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is standing in a home .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a pool .
people are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
seven people are swimming in the water .
three girls sitting in a theater .
a man is cooking at a stove .
a man smoking a cigarette and talks on his cellphone .
a woman sits on a park bench under the shade .
a group of people are relaxing and relaxing .
people swimming in a pool .
two cats sit in the grass .
two football players chase each other .
a football player jumps off the ground .
a person walking down the street .
a group of men on a football field .
two hikers on a snowy mountain .
a man is working on a project .
two women are laughing .
a toddler is drinking out of a cup .
a person in a blue dress is holding a book .
a girl in a blue wig is standing under a brown bucket .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a blue sign .
a man with a wig is holding a sign .
a pilot stands in a plane .
a man with a helmet is sitting in the sun .
a man rests on steps near a body of water .
a man wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man laying on the ground .
a park park in a park .
a band plays in a park .
a person in a costume is standing in front of a microphone .
a dog runs on the beach .
a dog is standing next to a body of water .
a young boy runs in a field .
a dog is running in the sand .
a dog jumps in the air near a body of water .
a dog and a baby are crossing a bridge .
people walking across a bridge .
a man in a white shirt is working on a grill .
two babies walk down a sidewalk .
two cats laying in the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a piece of grass .
a man mowing a lawn mower .
a man is riding a lawn mower .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on the grass .
a man standing by a road .
a group of people at a farmer 's market .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
a person diving into a pool .
a young man jumping into the water .
a man jumping into the water .
a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
two women are jumping in the air .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a woman in a white shirt is showing her hair .
a woman in a black shirt is standing on a couch .
a group of people looking at the scenery .
a baseball pitcher in a blue shirt with a mohawk .
a man in a white shirt is working on a construction site .
two women having a conversation .
two women are sitting on a couch .
two women walking down the street .
two women in white shirts walk together .
a man rock climbing .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person is climbing up a mountain .
a climber scales a steep rock .
a girl is swimming in the water .
a man is climbing a rock wall .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a singer performs on stage .
a man in a pirate costume is playing an accordion .
a man wearing a kilt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people playing instruments .
a dog runs through a field .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a girl in a blue bathing suit is jumping into the water .
a couple is playing with children .
a group of people playing soccer .
people playing in a gym .
people playing badminton in a gym .
a middle aged woman in a red shirt is running in a field .
a smiling boy in a green shirt is smiling .
two people are getting married .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
a plane flies over a plane .
people walking around on a sidewalk at night .
a dog carries a stick in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a man is smiling at the camera .
a person in an orange outfit is riding a bicycle .
a man poses for the camera .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a group of children are looking at something .
two men are fishing on a beach .
two men are inspecting fishing nets on a beach .
a group of men working with fishing nets .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of men on a beach .
a group of people are watching a performance .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are working on a piece of wood .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is juggling something .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a basketball .
a group of people are in the middle of a stadium .
a man and woman are playing in a subway car .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a boy slides down a slide .
a child playing on an inflatable slide .
a young boy is playing on a playground equipment .
a man in a yellow shirt looking down .
two men are cleaning fish on a dock .
two men stand by a body of water .
two men on a pier fishing .
two men are looking at boats .
a smiling baby is laughing .
a little girl is buried in plastic plastic balls .
two greyhounds racing on a track .
a child is smiling .
a woman paints her face .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a young blond woman with blond hair is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at a coffee table .
a woman is taking a picture of her friend .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is holding up a digital camera .
a man in a yellow hard hat is pulling a rope attached to a rope .
a man is pulling a rope .
a woman is taking a photo .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
people looking at a map .
a group of men and women are looking at different ages .
a map looking at a map .
two men and a woman are talking to each other .
a group of men standing around a table .
two motorcycle riders compete in a race .
a motorcycle race on a racetrack .
a group of people in a race .
two people are racing on a track .
two motorcyclists racing down the street .
two motorcycle riders are racing .
a group of cyclists racing in a race .
a group of motorcyclists are racing around a corner .
two motorcyclists racing on a track .
a group of motorcyclists racing on a track .
two motorcyclists racing each other .
two motorcyclists are riding their bikes .
two people competing in a race .
three men in a construction site .
people having a conversation .
a group of men talking to each other .
a man in a hard hat is standing at an intersection .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man is holding a flag .
a construction worker standing at the intersection .
a man standing at an intersection .
three men having a conversation .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a group of people are playing a video game .
a group of young people playing a video game .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is playing with an elephant .
a lady is standing on a walkway .
people at a carnival ride .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
people looking up .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
a group of people are looking at something .
a woman is standing on a street .
a group of people are watching an event .
a man is talking to an old woman .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a biker drives up the side of a mountain with his friend .
two motorcycle riders are driving up a green mountain covered mountain trail .
a motorcycle rider is going up the side of a mountain .
a motorcyclist is driving a motorcycle .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and woman having a conversation .
a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap is looking at the camera .
a man and woman are talking .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a black and white dog is licking its nose .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
people at a party .
a group of people are holding drinks .
a dog with his mouth open .
a brown dog looks at the camera .
a dog poses for a picture .
a dog is looking at the camera .
a dog looks at the camera .
a woman is playing on a swing set .
a woman is sitting on a swing .
a woman in a blue shirt is swinging on a swing .
a black bike parked in the air .
a woman is on a swing .
three people are jogging in a race .
an artist is standing in the middle of a street .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is standing outside of a building .
a man is riding a horse on a leash .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a green shirt is riding a bicycle past a tall tree .
a man is riding a horse in front of a large home .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse in front of a large tree .
a man is riding a horse .
two teams are playing soccer .
a group of soccer players playing soccer .
a soccer player in a red jersey is attempting to kick the ball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a white team is kicking a soccer ball .
a soccer game is being played .
a soccer player in a red jersey kicks a soccer ball .
a soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
a soccer player in red and white is playing with the ball .
a group of soccer players in blue and red .
a man is riding a donkey on a donkey .
a group of children playing basketball .
a man is painting a picture .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a man and a woman are sitting on a concrete bench .
a bike rider rides down the street .
a fisherman stands in the water .
a man on a beach with a shovel .
a group of people are working together .
a child is playing with a toy .
two construction workers in an office building .
a man looking over a body of water .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
people looking at computers .
a man in a white shirt is working on a computer .
people looking at a computer screen .
a person riding a blue scooter on a blue scooter .
a person is standing on the street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man sitting on a motorbike on a motorbike .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person with a box is looking at something .
a man poses with a girl in a park .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in front of a wall .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people performing in a play .
two white dogs look at a snowman .
three people are performing on stage .
a fruit market filled with vegetables .
a black and white sheep is chasing a sheep .
a cowboy is chasing a bull .
a man running away from a bull .
a group of people are wrestling in the desert .
a man in a white shirt is riding a bull .
a group of men are fighting .
a man and a woman are sitting on horses .
three men are fighting .
a group of young people are wrestling in a yard .
two women are walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
people walk down a city street .
a man and a woman pose in front of a lake .
a group of people on a sunny day .
two girls are walking on a street .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a girl throws a ball to a football .
two dogs play in a field .
a little girl in a red jersey is playing with a basketball .
a dog runs through the grass .
people riding on a park ride .
people crossing the road .
tourists standing next to statues .
a woman crossing the street .
a man and a woman pose on a street corner .
a group of young people pose for a picture .
a group of asian people are sitting at a statue .
a group of people posing for a picture .
pedestrians walk down the road .
a group of people are laughing .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a fireman working on a fire .
a dog in the water .
a firefighter standing by a light post .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are standing in a museum .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a large building .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking along a stone walkway .
two buildings look out over a glass window .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a door .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is talking on her cellphone outside .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman talks on a cellphone .
a young lady walks down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
two women looking at bus .
two dogs biting each other .
a baseball player throwing the ball .
a man is playing a guitar .
a child is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a small child is standing over a river .
a man is playing a red electric guitar .
a girl is walking on a boardwalk .
a group of people are playing instruments .
construction workers are working on a city street .
a group of musicians playing music .
a group of people are playing instruments .
people are working in a subway station .
construction workers working on a cement roof .
construction workers working in a building .
a baseball player in a white shirt is playing baseball .
a man fishing .
two men are walking by a farmers market .
two men are walking in front of a market .
men shopping at an outdoor market .
men in shorts at a market .
a group of young men at a farmer 's market .
two men are walking through a market .
a young boy is getting a haircut .
a young boy is sitting on a bench .
a young boy giving another man 's hair .
a man is shaving a woman in a black shirt .
a boy shaving an african american woman .
a woman is getting a haircut at home .
a boy shaving his head at home .
a black boy in a black shirt is giving a haircut .
a person is smoking a cigarette .
children are playing in the woods .
two children pose for a picture .
a man drinking beer .
two men are having a conversation .
two men are standing in front of a beer .
two men talking to each other .
a man is looking at a little girl .
a young girl is jumping in the air .
a football player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a boat .
two men are pulling their arms in the sand .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are standing in front of a body of water .
a group of fishermen preparing to work .
men holding a fishing net .
a man fishing with a net .
a group of people are holding hands .
a group of people putting up a structure .
three women are sitting in front of a tree .
a boy in a blue shirt playing a game .
a mechanic is working on a bike .
two guys are playing together .
men standing in front of a camera .
construction workers are working together .
a group of people are standing around a table .
five men work on a construction site .
a person wearing a brown jacket and brown pants is standing in front of a mirror .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of men are standing on scaffolding .
a group of people are walking in front of an asian building .
people walking on the sidewalk near a mural .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in an orange dress is standing in a crowded city .
a woman in a gray shirt is walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a wall in front of a wall .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman in blue shorts and a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a young girl sits on the shoulders of a man .
a boy looking out of a window .
a girl is crying .
a man in a white shirt is looking down .
a child is raising their hands .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a young asian girl is sitting at a playground .
a girl looking at a playground .
a girl is looking at a playground .
a young girl is crying .
a young girl smiles at a playground .
a girl in a pink shirt is holding her arms up .
a girl is jumping in the air .
two men working on a tile floor .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl jumping in the air .
a girl jumping in the air .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl in a pink shirt is jumping in the air .
a girl jumping in the air with her tongue out .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a young girl jumping into the air .
a girl is playing with her tongue out .
a young child is jumping in the air .
a group of men are working at computers .
two men are working on a project .
six men are working with wood .
a group of men are working on a project .
a group of people are planting tile on the floor .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl jumping in the grass .
a little girl is playing outside .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a person jumping in the air .
a person in a white shirt is standing near plants .
two men are standing near water .
a man stands in front of a crowd on a busy street .
a man in a green shirt is planting a tree .
a man in a green shirt is planting some plants .
a person in a white hat is walking down a street .
a person in a green shirt is standing in a garden .
two children playing with a dog .
a man and a boy are looking out into the water .
three people are planting flowers .
a group of people are planting flowers .
three people are working outside a building .
a group of people are planting flowers .
three people are planting flowers .
a group of people are walking in a city square .
two girls playing with a football .
two men are standing near rocks .
two young people selling goods in a market .
a man standing next to a man in a white shirt .
two children are in a street .
two children are sitting on the floor .
a group of young men playing basketball .
a man is riding a bull .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people performing on stage .
a group of people are performing on a stage .
three people are walking down a street .
three men and a woman standing around a table .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a group of people are hanging from a building .
a group of people having a conversation .
a father and daughter posing for a picture .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a group of people are riding a unicycle .
a person performing a trick on a skateboard .
a group of football players are playing football .
a mountain biker in a forest .
two hikers walk down a dirt road .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a man and a woman are standing next to supplies .
a group of people are standing next to carts .
people on a snowy mountain .
a group of people are putting on equipment .
a red speed boat in the water .
a person is making a funny face .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man looking at his computer .
a man in a white tank top is sitting down looking at a laptop .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man with a mustache is sitting next to a large white awning .
a guy in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting in a chair holding a laptop .
a man working on a laptop .
a man sits next to a statue .
a man sits next to a pillar with a laptop .
a man is sitting next to a statue .
a man in a white shirt working on a computer .
a man in a white shirt is sitting under a statue of a statue .
two men are playing pool .
two men playing ping pong .
a man is leaning over a table with a stick in his hand .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing softball .
a person walking down the street .
a man and woman talk on a mountain .
an older gentleman in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
people working on a rail .
a young boy rides a bike in the street .
a boy is riding a bicycle .
a child rides a bike with a flag .
a young boy rides a bike .
a young boy rides a bicycle .
a boy is riding a bike .
a young boy is riding a bicycle .
a boy is riding a bike .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
an old man in an orange shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
an old man is playing in the snow .
a man blowing bubbles .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
an old person is blowing bubbles .
a man is carving something .
an artist sculpting a tree .
a man is carving wood .
a man in a white shirt is using a hammer .
a man is working on an electronic device .
a man in a blue shirt is running through the snow .
a boy is looking at flowers in a store .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are riding a patient .
a man is shopping at a market .
people walking up an escalator .
a girl in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man rides a motorbike .
a man with a motorcycle is driving a motorcycle .
a man rides a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
a man with a green jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike .
a person is looking at the sky .
a man with gray pants and a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is looking at the sky .
a person in a green shirt is standing in front of trees .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman in shorts is looking at mountains .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is applying makeup .
two dogs running on a field .
a black and white dog running on a track .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a red hat is standing on a red ladder .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl sits by a fountain .
a girl is sitting at a fountain in front of a fountain .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman sits next to a fountain .
a woman sits next to a fountain .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a softball player swinging the ball .
a woman poses for a picture .
a dog runs with a toy in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog runs through a forest .
a young child plays on the beach .
a young boy in a blue shirt is holding his tongue out .
a little boy is standing in front of a building .
a man in a black t shirt is cooking on a grill .
a person is sitting on a horse .
two cars parked on the street .
a man in a black shirt dancing .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a young boy wearing a cowboy hat is playing a guitar .
a girl in a white outfit dancing .
a man in a blue shirt is on a college campus .
a lady in glasses looks into the camera .
a woman wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a green sweater is holding a camera while leaning against a window .
a woman in a green jacket taking pictures .
a man is taking a photo .
a woman in a white shirt is walking past a man in a white shirt .
a man in a cap looks out through a glass window .
a group of people are singing .
a choir of people are playing instruments .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a choir is singing into a microphone .
a boy on a swing .
a boy on a swing .
a child on a swing .
a child lying on a swing .
a soccer player wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is jumping in the air .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
a tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
a person in a white outfit is riding a bike .
a man playing tennis .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a wire .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are holding a wire .
a boy is pulling a cart on a cart .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman and her son are driving down a dirt road .
a boy is riding a tractor down a dusty road .
a young boy is riding a dirt bike on a dirt road .
a young child is leading his mother .
a young boy is driving a dirt road on a dirt road .
a young boy on a dirt road pulling a rope .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
a group of people are working together .
a group of people are sleeping on a bench .
a boy in a red raincoat is reading a book .
a child is reading a book .
a man lies on the floor .
a man and two children are sleeping in a tiled room .
three people are sleeping on a floor .
a man and two children sleeping on the floor .
a man and two children are sleeping on a couch .
two children sleeping .
three women are sitting on the floor .
a man and two children play in the kitchen .
a man and two small children are laying down on the grass .
a man and two children laying on the floor .
people are sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are holding hands in their hands .
a policeman and his dog are standing in front of a van .
a man with a gun is holding a gun .
a child is sliding down a slide .
a woman is applying makeup to her nails .
a baby leads a camel in the grass .
a birthday cake with a cake .
a soldier is helping two children .
a person walking down a street .
a man standing outside of a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a black and white dog is walking on the sidewalk .
a man with white hair , wearing a white tank top , gloves , and a white hat stands under a red sign .
a man in a plaid shirt and jeans is standing on scaffolding .
three people are playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing in the sand .
a group of adults are performing on stage .
a group of people dressed in black are singing .
soccer players playing soccer .
a soccer game is in midair .
two teams are playing soccer .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
people playing soccer .
two men playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a fisherman fishes on a boat .
two men in a boat .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are standing outside of a building .
two men with dark hair are rowing a boat .
an indian woman holding a child .
a man is standing on the roof of a building .
a yellow car parked on a bridge .
a jockey is jogging on a track .
a woman and three children are walking down the street .
a girl is standing in front of a microphone .
shoppers walk through a mall .
a group of people playing instruments .
a little boy in a red shirt is pushing a little girl in a red shirt .
children playing on a swing .
two people are walking down the street .
a little girl pushes a young boy in a stroller .
a man shooting a gun .
a man prepares to shoot a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is using a laptop .
a man is holding a gun .
a man shooting a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a girl in a wedding dress is standing in front of a wedding .
a dancer in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
two men wearing hats are standing next to each other .
a little girl with flowers on her head .
a golden retriever is playing with a toy .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a tennis player in the middle of a tennis match .
a golden retriever runs in the grass .
the cars are stopped on the road .
a dog runs through snow .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a man surfing a wave .
a white dog has its mouth open .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a dog is running with an object in its mouth .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
two children are playing soccer .
two police officers on the corner of a street .
three men are sitting on a boat looking into the distance .
a rider riding a bucking bull .
a girl and a boy are walking on the street .
a girl in an orange shirt is holding a bike in a city .
two people walk down the street with a bike .
a girl and a boy walk down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a woman in traditional dress dances in front of a crowd .
a woman in a black shirt dancing .
a woman in a costume smiles .
a group of young girls are wrapped up in a mirror .
two women are looking at a telescope .
a person in a costume is standing in a crowd .
a child is standing in front of a building .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
a baby is walking with a dog behind him .
a lady leads a young boy in a stroller .
two people are walking on a snowy hill .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is riding a horse .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy is running a race .
a baby in a yellow shirt is holding a baby .
a boy in a karate uniform is running in a competition .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog in a field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs in the grass .
a man is getting ready to hit a volleyball .
a man is sitting on a beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man on a beach in the ocean .
a man is running on a beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a t shirt pushes a shopping cart past a taxi .
two men in a construction site .
construction workers working together .
two men wearing helmets are wearing helmets .
construction workers are working in front of a building .
construction workers are working on a construction project .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of men are standing on a street corner .
two young men dressed in summer clothing stand in front of a bicycle .
two young men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing shorts , are playing soccer .
two men are standing in front of a bus .
two men are standing in the sand .
two men standing next to each other .
two men are standing outside of a building .
two motorcyclists wait for a fair .
a woman in a black shirt is applying mascara in a laundry pot .
a woman in a white shirt points at her hair .
a woman in a blue shirt and black pants is pouring something from a bowl .
a person doing laundry on a clothesline .
a man and a dog are shaving in the water .
a man stands in a parking lot in a parking lot .
a little girl in swimming trunks is swimming in water .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman working on a loom with a loom .
a child is flying over the water .
a child in a green shirt is walking down the street .
a woman with a camera in front of a crowd .
a woman is holding a camera .
a lady wearing glasses is holding a large stick .
a woman is holding up a camera .
construction workers at a construction site .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two construction workers are working on a building .
several construction workers standing in a building .
construction workers standing in a building .
a woman prepares to take a picture .
a dog swimming in a pool .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black dog running on the beach .
a woman looking at something .
a man is holding a cigarette .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a dog runs in the surf .
a group of people playing drums .
a group of musicians are performing on stage .
two people at night at night .
a man in a red shirt is making a pose at the camera .
a group of men dancing .
a man is dancing with a band .
a band is playing music .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are in the middle of a race .
a little boy playing with a ball in a field .
a man smiles at the camera .
a football player in the middle of the field .
a man is working on a stage .
a group of people at a street concert .
a man in a tuxedo is singing into a microphone .
a man in a black and white outfit juggling juggling balls .
a man is juggling rings in a crowd .
a man rides a wave .
an older man with a beard is cooking .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a man looking into the distance .
a subway station on the street .
a woman is waiting for the train .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a child 's hand .
a man is cooking food .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a little boy is playing in the snow .
a singer stands in a green field .
a woman is walking over a bridge .
a man with a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young man is walking past a young man .
a teenage boy is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a boy wearing a hat and a hat is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy is sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young baby crying .
a boy is holding a butterfly .
two young girls playing in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a butterfly .
a woman in a green shirt is holding a blanket .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a mirror .
a baby is lying on a bed .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is giving a speech .
an elderly couple sitting at a coffee shop .
people on a busy street .
people gathered on a street corner .
a group of men are talking to each other .
two dogs play on a lawn .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman in a colorful costume is standing in front of a store .
two puppies playing with each other .
a man is running across the street with her racket in the air .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a dog plays with a puppy .
a young man crosses the street .
a group of young men wearing helmets .
a toddler is sitting on a swing .
a person is skiing down a snowy hill .
a woman holding a paper .
a dog is jumping in the air .
people running in a race .
two people are competing in a race .
a man and woman are racing each other .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people are running .
a man with a backpack and sunglasses .
a man in a white shirt cooking rice .
the ponies are on horses .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
kids jumping in the air .
a man and a woman are plowing the street .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman holding skateboards .
a group of people are wrestling in front of spectators .
a man dressed in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
an elderly man in an orange shirt is preparing food .
two men are participating in a martial arts demonstration .
two women are hanging out of a building .
a group of protesters dressed in yellow and yellow uniforms .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a football player tries to tackle the football .
a person poses for a picture .
two women talking to each other .
a woman wearing jeans and a tank top is wearing jeans .
a woman is writing on paper on paper .
a group of people are playing soccer on a sunny day .
a group of people playing instruments .
two people pose in front of a large statue .
a group of people are standing in front of an art gallery .
two people in front of a statue .
two people standing in front of a large statue .
a man and a woman are standing together .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a camera .
a couple looking at a sculpture .
two people are standing in front of a sculpture .
a couple looking at a sculpture .
three boys playing soccer .
a crowd watches a soccer game .
a group of people jumping into a swimming pool .
two dogs running in the grass .
a white dog tries to climb a cow .
four people jumping into a pool .
a kid is surfing on a surfboard .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a coat is standing in a city street .
a man is walking into a city .
a man in a coat walks down the street .
an african american man walking in a city .
a boy rides his bike on the beach .
a black and white dog is being towed by two men .
a group of men are climbing on a rope .
two men are riding a bull .
a man and a dog are standing in a field .
two cowboys are trying to lasso a bull .
hockey players on the ice .
a man and a woman are falling over a fence .
a hockey player on the ice .
two hockey players on the ice .
two players , one in blue and the other in red and the other in red , are sliding down a hill .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a young boy is standing on the beach at the beach .
a child is playing in the sand .
a boy with a shovel and a shovel .
a young boy with a shovel watches a family .
a child in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a family enjoying the day .
a volleyball player is about to hit the volleyball .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child wearing a hat and a hat is sitting in a chair .
a group of young boys are walking down the street .
two young boys are jumping in the air .
a baseball player playing baseball .
a group of young boys are walking down the street .
two boys are eating outside .
a man talking on a cellphone .
at night at night .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a tuxedo is giving a toast .
a man reading a book .
a group of people are riding bikes .
asian people are riding bikes .
a group of people gathered in a room .
a woman is walking down the street .
a barber is reading a newspaper .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a piece of metal .
a man is working on a project .
a man with a welding machine is using a welding machine .
a man is holding an object .
a man working at a construction site .
a man reading a book .
people standing next to a body of water .
a man wearing sunglasses is reading a book .
a boy and a girl are standing in a field .
people standing near a river .
two people are standing next to each other .
a little boy and girl standing on the shore of the water .
a baby is sleeping .
a woman and two children walk down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a tire swing .
a woman and two children in a park .
three people are sitting on a park bench .
a woman is playing with two children .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman and two children walk down the street .
a girl is walking down the street .
a young boy is walking in front of a store .
two children are swinging on a swing .
a small child is standing in front of a store .
a man in a blue kayak is in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
a man in a kayak paddles in water .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a man paddles a canoe in the ocean .
a man paddles a canoe .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a body of water .
a boat in the water .
a man kayaking in the ocean .
a child is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a young girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little boy in a red shirt is playing with a ball .
a child is playing in the water at the beach .
a teenage boy throwing a gun at a target .
two people are playing tennis .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
men playing tennis .
a child looking at an airplane .
a dog plays in the sand .
two boys are playing football .
two boys playing football on a field .
a family enjoying the day in a park .
two kids playing soccer .
a guy walks along the grass .
a woman is smiling with a child .
a dog is looking at the little boy .
a man is riding a bike .
a motorcyclist performs a trick on a motorcycle .
a person doing a wheelie on a motorbike .
a group of people are looking up .
a group of people standing outside a building .
shoppers walk down the street .
three people are looking at a bike .
a street vendor is taking a picture .
two men and a woman are walking near water .
a man in a boxing ring is throwing a woman in a boxing ring .
two women smiling and smiling .
a girl in a black shirt and black pants is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman and a girl sit next to each other .
a child is speaking into a microphone while another woman speaks .
two men are playing music .
a man playing the drums .
a group of people are playing instruments .
three dogs are running in the grass .
a person carrying a flag .
a young child in a blue shirt is praying .
a large crowd of people standing at a sporting event .
kids playing in the water .
a group of people waiting for an event .
three dogs walk down a hill .
four men in a van talking to a sign .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people dancing on a stage .
a baby and two adults are sitting on a couch .
a group of people working with food .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is standing with two girls .
two dogs on a snowy hill .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
soccer players playing soccer .
a group of people in the water .
two men are doing martial arts .
a girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a man and a woman are standing in a room .
three boys are on a river .
a group of people on a river .
a group of boys on the water .
three boys float in a river .
three young boys playing on a river .
a group of people are standing in front of computers .
a group of people in a room .
a woman looking at a map .
a group of people in the water .
a woman reading a subway map .
a lady is asking for directions .
two women looking at a map .
two women standing next to each other .
two boxers are looking at each other .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people playing cards .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of people are gathered around a table playing a card game .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of african american children in a classroom .
a fountain is spraying water .
a person walking in front of buildings .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
students sitting in a classroom .
a group of children sitting in a room .
two children are swinging at a playground .
two children are playing in the sand .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women working on a project .
a group of women are sitting on the ground .
two women working on a project .
two women are working together .
a group of soccer players in blue and white uniforms are celebrating a match .
a group of ladies in a building .
a man wearing a blue uniform is standing in front of a microphone .
two men are sitting on furniture .
a group of people working on computers .
two women are working together .
a team of soccer players on the field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a colorful dress is standing in front of a crowd .
two men in blue shirts kickboxing .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man is driving a vehicle .
a man is standing on top of a metal machine .
a man is driving a vehicle .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man surfing a wave .
a woman is walking by a fountain .
a boy in a white outfit with a white helmet on .
a person in a leather jacket is sitting on a bench .
a group of people on a beach .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a rail .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two dogs play in the water .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is skating down a ramp .
a man in a black shirt is stretching a bell .
two people are flying on a carpet .
two dogs are playing in a field .
two men working on a building .
a group of people jumping into the air .
a group of people are jumping into a swimming pool .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
three young men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in a pool .
a young man in a blue tank top wearing a blue tank top .
a man in a red shirt is holding onto a wall .
two people are riding bikes .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a gray shirt running .
two women are sitting at a stone wall .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
two girls are standing near the ocean .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a teenage boy is sitting at a grocery store .
a man in a white shirt is shopping at a coffee cup .
a male teenager wearing a white hat and a white hat with a white hat .
a person looking over a store .
a woman is jogging down the street .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning the street .
a crowd of people holding flags .
a black and white dog is playing with a ball .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
four men standing next to each other .
a group of people are playing instruments outside .
five men are playing drums .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people are sitting on a building .
a group of children in white shirts and blue jeans are jumping rope .
a group of children are dancing and jumping rope .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of children are walking down the street .
a group of children dancing and jumping rope .
a baby crying .
a baby is holding a baby .
a baby is crying .
a baby crying .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a black and white dog is running on the grass .
a skateboarder is skateboarding .
a man is playing with a toy toy .
a group of friends gather around a table .
a group of friends taking pictures .
friends having a drink .
a group of friends are gathered together .
a group of people are holding their drinks .
a group of children playing jump rope .
a group of asian men are celebrating .
a little girl sitting on the floor playing with a toy toy .
a child playing with a toy toy on the floor .
a young child is playing on the floor .
a child playing with a toy on the floor .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a child with a toy in his mouth .
a young child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child is sitting on the floor .
a child playing with a toy .
a boy playing with toys .
a little boy is holding a toy .
a little boy playing with toys .
a boy playing with a toy toy .
a boy playing with toys .
a large group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
a man is reading a book .
two women are standing near a staircase .
a breakdancer is performing in an outdoor park .
a sword in the air .
several women are standing on a snowy plain .
a group of women are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of women are holding boxes .
two women walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people in the city .
a young man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
an adult in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little boy is playing with a white dog .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a video camera .
a lady in a blue shirt sitting on a bench .
a couple sits on a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man holding a sign .
a dog runs through the snow .
two men are pulling a hose in the water .
a brown dog is drinking water .
a person in a white bathing suit swims in a waterfall .
a man with glasses and a blue shirt is holding a tennis racket .
a man with long hair and a blue shirt is swimming in a pool .
a dog is drinking a beer .
a yellow dog is drinking water .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a black and white dog drinking a beer .
a group of people standing under a tree .
a bald man holding a little girl on his shoulders .
a man with a backpack is holding a backpack .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a bald man and a little girl are walking down the street .
a little girl sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a little girl wearing a mask is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a young lady in a blue shirt is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a man and a girl are sitting on a bench .
a man and a girl walk down the street .
a man walking down a street .
a girl with a mask on her face .
a man is walking down the street .
workers looking at an escalator .
a group of people are working together .
construction workers working in a building .
a girl is standing on a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is making juice .
a group of people are sitting in a restaurant .
a girl is looking at a machine .
a man with sunglasses and a backpack pointing at the camera .
a man in a white shirt is standing in the grass .
a man pointing at something .
a man in a green jacket pointing at the sky .
a man is sitting in a chair holding a little boy .
a kid holding a golf ball .
two men are standing in front of a body of water .
a woman in a bathroom in a bathroom .
a man jumps into a tube .
a man is swimming in the water .
a lady is giving a speech .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a home .
a woman with a tattoo on her head is holding a tattoo .
a nurse is sitting in a hospital room .
a man standing in front of two children .
a woman is waiting by a curb .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a woman is carrying bags of bags .
a woman is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman with a backpack is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is standing on a walkway .
a man in a blue shirt is using a mixing bowl .
a young cowboy is petting a horse .
a man with his son on his shoulders .
a woman is standing in front of a vegetable stand .
a group of children are sitting on the sidewalk in front of a building .
a woman sitting on a bench with a cup .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a woman and a man sit on top of a blanket .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a college fair .
a man is sitting in front of a computer .
a woman is walking her bike .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is writing in a rock .
a child in a blue shirt is crying .
a man looking out of a large window .
a man with a beard is looking at a city view of a city .
a man working on a computer .
a man in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are using fishing nets .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
people walking down a busy city street .
people running past a building .
a group of cyclists are riding bikes .
people riding bikes on a dirt road .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit walks to work .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
the scuba divers are in the water .
a group of men in scuba gear prepare to board into the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
four people are swimming in the water .
four people are standing near the water .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a boy stands in the sun .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of plants .
a boy wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is sitting in a chair .
a boy and a girl walk through a shopping center .
people eating at a restaurant .
a couple having their way through a restaurant .
a man and a girl are walking down the street .
a man and a girl walk down a crowded street .
a man is walking in front of a young girl .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a girl on a crowded street .
a man and a woman are walking through a chinese restaurant .
a man is working at his work stand .
a baker making bread .
a man is trying to fix a small child .
an african american woman on a football field .
a car on a racetrack .
a man in a blue shirt is showing a young boy how to use a young boy .
a teenage boy is swinging on a tennis racket .
a group of people watch a race car race .
a boy in a red shirt is playing a sport .
six women are walking through an empty building .
a man driving a yellow car .
a skateboarder in a white shirt is skateboarding .
a person is holding her head .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people in a competition .
a skateboarder is skateboarding .
a boy rides his skateboard down a ramp .
a child is standing on the street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people making faces in a pool .
four men in blue swim trunks are swimming in the water .
people are swimming in a pool .
a barber is looking at the camera .
a girl climbing a rock .
a man sitting in a chair .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man is sitting behind a desk and speaking into a microphone while speaking into a microphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man in a suit speaks into a microphone while speaking into a microphone .
a man is sitting at a desk talking into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man is standing next to a video camera .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man in a black shirt is using a microphone to make a call .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is using a radio show .
a man doing a trick on stage .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a suit is doing a handstand on the street .
a man is standing on the radio .
a man in a suit is talking into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is working on a computer .
a man in a business suit talking into a microphone .
a dog is sleeping on a bench .
a black dog feeding her puppies .
a black and white dog is eating .
a white dog is biting a white dog .
a biker is riding a bike .
a man and a woman are dressed in martial arts gear .
a boy blowing bubbles .
a man and a boy hold hands to cross the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people carrying computers .
two people hold hands .
a woman and a dog on a beach .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench next to a body of water .
a man looking out of a window .
a person is painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person in a blue shirt is standing next to a wall .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
two people are standing in front of a fountain .
a bald man in a blue shirt with a blue stripe on his head .
a sign with a sign on it .
a girl and a lady are looking through a microscope .
two young women looking at something .
two men in a lab looking at something .
two women are looking at something .
two women are using a microscope .
two young women are looking at something in a microscope .
a group of people are dressed in black skirts and skirts .
a boy looking at a log .
a man dressed in a black shirt and black pants is standing on a stage .
two girls looking through microscopes .
two girls are sitting next to each other .
a woman is selling food .
a brown dog bites another dog in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
four people walking down the street .
two people hugging each other .
people walking down a street .
three clowns at a parade .
two men are hugging each other .
a group of people on a highway .
two men looking at each other .
a group of people are looking at papers .
a man is holding a shovel .
a brown and white dog is eating a frisbee .
a family posing for a picture .
two children are playing on a trampoline .
a person on a branch of a fallen tree .
a squirrel sits on a branch of a tree .
a squirrel is climbing a tree .
a squirrel is eating a snack .
a man is playing basketball .
a group of elderly people are sitting on a bench .
two elderly people having a conversation .
two older people are sitting by a rock formation .
two elderly people are wearing blue shirts and blue jeans .
two elderly people having a conversation .
three men playing basketball .
two women sitting on a bench .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
two girls smile at each other .
children are sitting on a sidewalk .
a boy is holding a kite .
a group of people are in a parade .
two boys are sitting on a bench .
two young boys are sitting outside on the grass .
a group of young boys are playing in the sand .
two young boys wearing colorful costumes .
a group of people are playing with a hula hoop .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a statue of people standing in front of a building .
a large statue of people in a park .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man taking pictures of a camera .
vendors are selling items .
a person in a red coat walks past an entrance .
a young boy playing tennis .
a boy reading a book .
people looking at statues .
a woman is taking a picture of a statue .
a man is taking pictures of a digital camera .
a man in a long brown coat is standing next to a building while another person looks on .
a man taking pictures of a building .
a person in a red coat is standing in a doorway .
a man in a long coat is playing with a building .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are gathered around a concert .
a guy skateboarding on a ramp .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a man is skating down a ramp .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a man riding a skateboard on a ramp .
a black man in a suit is standing at a podium .
a small girl with paint on her face .
a man in a suit is getting ready to serve a speech .
a man is singing on stage .
a person standing in a restaurant .
a black man in a white shirt is sitting in a room .
a small group of young girls at the beach .
two girls on a beach looking at something .
two girls picking up trash on the beach .
two girls are walking on the beach .
two girls on a beach .
two girls are looking at something .
two people on a beach .
people dancing on the floor .
two people on a beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two boys are fighting .
a man taking a picture .
a man is walking down the street with a cigarette in his mouth .
a man is standing next to a sign .
a group of people playing cards on a sunny day .
a group of people are walking down the street .
five people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are playing cards .
a group of adults sitting around a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are having a conversation .
a group of adults sitting at a picnic table .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is waiting for a train .
two boys , one wearing a red shirt and the other wearing a red shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a man with gray hair is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a subway tunnel .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit waits in a subway tunnel .
a woman in a bakery opens her purse .
a tennis player prepares to serve the ball .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a red shirt rides his bike down the street .
two guys are taking a picture .
a man is riding his bike down the street .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a helmet riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a helmet riding a bike .
a man in a helmet rides his bicycle .
a bike rider is riding a bike .
people on a train .
a man and a woman are sitting in a window .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
an asian man sits on a train .
two men in business attire talking .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
three girls , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a group of children are playing instruments .
a group of people are preparing dinner .
three young girls are sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking in the rain .
a woman is riding a moped .
a child on a swing .
a little girl in a pink shirt is running in the sand .
four people posing for a picture .
a group of people gather for a photo .
a group of people posing for a picture .
four people pose for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people taking pictures .
four people pose for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy is swinging on a swing .
a person swimming in a pool .
a man is swimming in a pool .
a person doing a jump on a trampoline .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
a man attempts to fix something .
three people are sitting on a bus .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a vehicle .
a man in a suit is holding a religious sign .
people sitting on a bus .
a man is holding a sign .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a building .
a surfer in a wetsuit rides a wave .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a rollerblader does a trick in the air .
two boys on a ramp .
a skateboarder poses in the air .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a black shirt is standing in the back of a building .
a girl is waiting to cross the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
a man in a white shirt smiles .
three men are working outside a building .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a woman is raising her hand .
two women and a man are smiling .
a group of people are sitting on a car .
two children are sitting on a couch .
two people are looking at a window window .
a woman hangs upside down .
a man and a woman are looking at a poster .
a group of people are standing in the window of a window .
a group of people are looking at a store .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man standing in an industrial kitchen .
a man is standing next to a bike .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a bicycle .
a bike rider in the air .
a street driver is sitting on a bench .
a man gets ready to hit a pinata .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a laptop .
a female and female dance in the middle of a dance .
an old man is looking at a newspaper .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a sword .
a man prepares to hit a pinata .
two women sitting on a bench .
a man in a black jacket and black pants is standing in the snow .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a cyclist driving a yellow motorcycle .
a man in a red shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a jacket is standing in front of a building .
a man and a woman are performing ballet on stage .
a motorcyclist wearing a yellow helmet is riding a motorcycle .
five people are walking down the street .
two people are speaking into a megaphone .
a man wearing glasses stands in front of a group of people .
a blond woman looking at a tall building .
a group of men wearing hats are sitting in a circle .
a group of men in blue suits are standing in a circle .
two young people wearing blue shirts and blue jeans are sitting on a bench .
a girl in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
people talking to each other .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are standing on their heads .
six women are sitting next to a brick wall and wearing red and blue .
two older women sit on a bench .
a group of older women in purple shirts and red pants are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white dress is sitting on a brick wall .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of older women are sitting on a bench .
two women sitting on a bench .
two boys are shoveling snow .
an asian man rides his bike .
a man working with fish at a market .
a group of people are selling fish .
people buying fish from a market .
a child is splashing in water .
a person swimming in the ocean .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of children in white shirts are standing in a classroom .
women at a bar .
two women are sitting at a bar .
a woman eating at a restaurant .
several women are sitting at a bar .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
two women are standing outside talking .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are drinking tea .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is talking to a group of men .
a woman in a store is looking at the camera .
three young boys are having a conversation .
two women are drinking beer .
a group of men having a conversation .
an old man is standing on a street .
a blond woman in a dress is posing for a picture .
a man working on a window .
a man in a white dress is walking down a street .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a woman standing next to a man standing next to a man .
a woman with a beard and a man in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue cap and a blue cap is standing in front of a building .
a man holding up a fishing net .
a man in a blue hat is wearing a blue hat .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a roller derby team is in the middle of a roller derby team .
a photographer takes pictures of the mountains .
two girls are having a conversation .
two female roller derby players are talking .
a woman with a camera is taking a picture .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a woman leans over a rail to take a picture .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding her arms .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
two women are kissing in a street .
a gray dog runs through the grass .
two people are walking down the street .
a car drives down the road .
a lady in a pink jacket is walking down the street .
two women are standing next to each other .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
three people wearing makeup stand together .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man and two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman crossing the road .
a woman is riding a bike in the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
people walking down the street .
a group of men dressed in kilts are playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt throwing a log .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a basketball court .
a man in a kilt is standing in front of hay .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench with a shopping cart and a shopping cart .
a woman handing a cup to a man .
a woman giving a drink to a man .
a lady is handing a coffee in a coffee cup .
a woman giving a drink to a man .
two children playing on a sand dune .
a woman and a boy are playing outside .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a child is playing in the ocean .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
two people are playing in the ocean .
two people are playing in the water .
a child and a little girl are playing in the ocean .
a young boy is standing next to a young girl in the sand .
a lady in a white shirt and blue shorts picking fruit in a bag .
two young boys are playing with swords .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a woman in a red dress is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a woman is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a family plays in the water .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a young girl in a pink shirt is holding a colorful sword .
two men are practicing martial arts .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a blue shirt is kneeling on the ground .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man practicing karate .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of people are walking down the street with food in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy is walking through town .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a brown dog jumps at a woman .
a black and white dog is standing next to a woman .
a dog jumps up to a woman .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a little boy playing with toys .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is praying .
a man playing with a young boy .
people performing on stage .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man in a coat rides his bike down the street .
a man is riding his bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt is riding his bike through the woods .
a man riding his bike in the fall .
an elderly man is walking down the street .
an elderly man is riding a bicycle .
an old man is riding a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man rides a bicycle down a path .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a bicycle on a sunny day .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
an old man is riding a bike .
an old man is riding a bike on a sunny day .
a group of people are dancing .
a yellow truck is standing on a street .
a dog jumps to catch a woman .
a couple dancing on a dance floor .
a group of people on grass .
two dogs jumping in the air .
a woman is jumping off a rail .
a person is sitting on a rock .
a person in a white shirt is looking at the ground .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a man is skiing down a mountain .
a person is parasailing on a sunny day .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a middle aged man and woman are riding a roller coaster .
a man is kissing a small boy in a lawn chair .
two children are climbing up a rock wall .
a woman in a black shirt is reaching in a man 's pocket .
a woman in white reaches into a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman puts her hand into a microphone .
a woman in a black tank top is holding her hand in the air .
a group of young girls playing soccer .
a group of children are playing outside .
a lady with a hat walks with a man in a hat .
a teenager jumps over a railing .
a man is doing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is riding a horse .
a person riding a bicycle .
a biker in blue is going down a street .
a child rides a horse .
a child is riding a horse .
a man and a woman are standing on a bike .
a man in a red jacket is standing on a track .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
three people are sitting on the grass .
three boys are standing outside of a building .
a kayaker flies through the air .
two boys are fighting in the rain .
children are pulling a cart in a cart .
a donkey pulling a cart on a donkey .
a child in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt are pulling a shoe on a cart .
a kayaker flies into the water .
a group of people sitting outside on a sunny day .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are playing in front of a fountain .
a group of people are standing near water .
a man in a red jacket snowboarding down a snowy mountain .
a lady standing by a car .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue dress is standing next to a model car .
a woman with a hood is standing in front of a house .
a woman is standing in front of a typewriter .
a man snowboarding .
a man with a snowboard is snowboarding .
a man is riding a snowboard on a snow covered hill .
a man is riding a snowboard on a snowboard .
a man snowboarding .
a person is riding a vehicle .
a person in a leather jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a person rides a motorcycle .
a motocross rider riding a motorcycle .
a man sliding down a snowy mountain .
a group of people at a bar .
a crowd of people in a stadium .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are watching a baseball game .
people watching a baseball game .
a baseball team is standing on a field with onlookers watching .
a baseball team stands on the field in front of a crowd .
a baseball team stands on a field .
a baseball player is playing with a sports ball .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a bucket of water .
a person in a red coat is walking down a sidewalk .
a young boy is taking pictures of a lake .
a child takes a picture on a tripod .
a child stands in the grass .
a young person wearing a blue shirt and jeans is taking a picture .
a child wearing sandals and sandals is taking a picture .
a young boy is taking a picture in a park .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the sand .
a boy looking through a camera .
a young boy looking through a camera .
a woman in a yellow dress is holding a flag .
a man in a gray hat is trying to pull something .
a small boy is holding a camera .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a fish into the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young boy is jumping off the side of the side of a road with a mountain in the background .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone while talking on a cellphone .
a group of people in a vehicle .
several people are looking out the window of a window .
a group of people are riding bikes .
people are looking out the window of a window .
a group of people looking out the windows of a bus .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bus .
a tour bus with many people .
a group of people riding on a bus .
a group of people are sitting on a bus looking at something .
people on a bus .
people looking out the window of a window .
two men are washing windows in front of a window .
a group of people working on a window .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two windows clean windows .
two men are working on a building .
construction workers on the side of the road .
a crowd of people are standing in a square .
a crowded street .
people listening to a speaker .
two men working at a construction site .
a group of people in a park .
a man in a band is playing the drums .
a woman wearing a black shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a worker in a hard hat is standing outside of a building .
a group of people are watching motorcycles .
a young woman spins on ice skates .
a man is watching two boys play a game .
children are climbing up a rock wall .
two men are riding motorcycles in front of a crowd .
a man in a black shirt is performing a dance .
two men are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are running down a street .
a group of people are running down the street .
a bride and groom pose for the camera at a party .
a bride and groom pose for the camera .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a bride and three girls are standing in a wedding .
a young girl is sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl is sitting on a sidewalk .
a girl is sitting on the ground .
two men wearing helmets .
a boy reading a book .
a group of people are walking down a city street .
a woman helping a young boy read a book .
two men are working on a roof .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man in a sweater is sitting on a chair looking at a book .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man is riding his dog on a dirt road .
a man is riding a bike in the water .
a man on a bicycle with a dog on a leash .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike in the water .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is walking in the street .
a woman is lying on a bench .
a woman laying down on a bench .
a woman is lying on the floor on a sunny day .
a man talking on a cellphone .
three people are looking at something .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a man is cutting wood with tools .
six dogs on a beach .
two people are walking along the beach .
two dogs on a beach .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to throw a javelin .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a mother kisses her daughter .
a woman in a pink outfit is talking on a cellphone .
a man is riding a dirt bike through a forest .
four women pose on the beach .
a man in a white shirt is looking at night .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are playing a video game .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a stadium .
a construction crew in yellow and orange and orange .
construction workers preparing for the day .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a construction crew is waiting for something .
a crew is waiting for a train .
a woman in a new york new york city .
a group of people are walking on a busy city street .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a group of people are in a field .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman in a dress is playing a keyboard in front of an audience .
a woman in a white dress is playing a keyboard on a stage .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog is walking through a field .
a dog walks across the sand at the beach .
a dog runs on the beach .
a dog walks along the beach .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a building .
a group of people in white shirts are clapping .
five people clapping and clapping .
five people are clapping .
a group of people are clapping .
a group of people are cheering .
people are performing martial arts .
two martial artists are practicing martial arts .
two adults , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are practicing fighting .
a man and woman are giving a martial arts demonstration .
a group of people are fighting .
two people are holding guns .
two martial artists fighting against each other .
two boxers competing in a martial arts match .
two martial artists competing in a match .
two martial artists fighting .
a martial arts match on the ground .
a group of people are clapping on stage .
a person in an orange outfit is walking down the street .
a black woman is weaving at a loom .
a woman wearing a gold scarf is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in an orange shirt is weaving .
a woman in a helmet riding a bike .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a lady in front of a building with a green construction sign .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman wearing a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman holding a balloon .
a man with a blue shirt and red pants is holding a blue shirt .
a boat floating in the water in the water .
a group of birds in a field .
a group of birds walk down the street .
a group of people are flying over a boat .
two men wearing red pants and red shirts are walking down the street .
two men , one in a red shirt , one in a red shirt , one in a red shirt , one in a red shirt and one in a red shirt
a person in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down a street .
two men are performing tricks on a skateboard .
a man is doing a handstand on a ladder .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people riding bikes .
a boy in a blue shirt is cooking .
two men are trying to catch a frisbee .
two men are playing frisbee .
two people are running in a pool .
a woman eating in a restaurant .
three men in black jackets stand behind a desk .
three men standing behind a desk .
a group of people in jackets are standing in front of a building .
two men are standing on a soccer field .
two men are standing by a desk with microphones .
a man in a military uniform poses on a podium .
a military man is standing next to a dog .
two military personnel are standing at attention .
a soldier and his dog at a military event .
a man is standing next to a dog standing next to a dog .
a man walks down the street in front of a crowd .
three men and a dog are standing around a table .
two men , one wearing a blue uniform and one in a white uniform , are standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three men and a dog in a field .
three men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are standing in front of
a group of soldiers are sitting on a train .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of people in the middle of a marathon .
a man in a white apron prepares to do some kind of war .
people walking in high heels .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a crowd of people walking down a street .
people walking down the street .
people walking on a sidewalk .
people are walking through a city .
a city street with people walking on the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking on a beach .
a group of men carrying baskets of watermelons .
a man and a woman are carrying a large stick .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a room .
a kid in a blue shirt plays on a playground .
a child is sitting in a classroom .
a small child is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a classroom .
a small boy in a classroom in a classroom .
a little girl is standing on a road .
a group of women at a meeting .
a man in overalls and a hat plays outside .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman is kneeling on a loom .
a woman is kneeling in the street .
a woman in a white shirt is praying with her fingers .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a person dressed in a white shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man wearing a leather jacket is taking a picture .
a person taking a picture .
a girl swimming in a pool .
three dogs play in the snow .
a woman in a blue shirt is crouching on a bench .
two dogs are sitting next to each other .
a little boy jumping in the air .
three dogs play in the snow .
a girl in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a group of teenagers are sitting on a park bench .
young children talking under a tree .
six children are standing under a tree .
a group of teenagers are sitting on a rock .
a woman is walking down a street .
two people riding a pony .
a group of people are petting a pony .
a young child is petting a dog .
a child holds a child in a brown horse .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of men relax on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
a man is waiting for a train .
a child jumps from a stool .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a man is holding a laptop .
a market market is filled with vegetables .
a man is standing next to a large rock .
an artist working on a sculpture .
a person is sculpting a rock .
a woman walking by a store .
a group of people enjoying a church .
a man carving a sculpture .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a dog is jumping into the water .
a black dog jumps into the water .
a hiker is hiking through the woods .
a person in front of a white building .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person is walking down the street in front of a stone building .
a person walking down the street .
two people going up a hill .
a man is walking down the road .
a child holding an adult hand .
a girl in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
a toddler chews on a toy .
a baby is playing on the floor .
children are playing in the water .
a group of children playing in the water .
a group of people in the shade .
kids playing in the water .
a woman in a white shirt is picking rice .
a group of girls in a line .
a group of girls are performing a dance .
a woman holds a young girl in a subway train .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is relaxing on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in an airport .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is preparing food .
a group of people in a field .
a small dog runs through the grass .
a white dog walks through a yellow tube .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people are performing martial arts .
passengers waiting for an airplane .
a dog in a tube .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
two girls dancing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a playground .
a woman is sliding down a slide .
a woman is sliding down a slide .
a woman is riding a red slide down a slide .
a young woman is playing with a hula hoop .
a man in a white shirt and jeans is standing on a rock .
a dog runs on the street .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
an old man is looking at artwork .
a black and white dog is walking down the street .
a group of men are holding guns .
a man is sitting on a horse in a field .
a man in a white shirt is riding a horse on a track .
a person is riding a horse .
a man in a cowboy hat is riding a bucking horse .
a woman is walking with food .
a person wearing a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a woman getting her hair done at a salon .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a bathroom .
a woman is looking at another woman .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding her hair .
a group of children playing in the sand .
a woman getting a haircut .
three people crosscountry skiing .
hockey players serving the puck from the rink .
a group of people are in the air .
four people are playing soccer .
a person in a black sweater painting in front of a river .
a man is painting a picture .
a person is making art .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on steps .
a woman is sitting on some steps .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a brunette woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a kilt speaks into a microphone .
a man climbing a cliff .
four hockey players struggle for the puck .
a man is climbing a rock .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an old man is sleeping on a park bench .
a man sleeping in a park bench .
a man sitting on a bench on a bench .
children are sitting in the woods in the woods .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a wheelchair on a sidewalk .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping in a city .
a person is holding two puppies .
two men are playing instruments .
two guys are playing instruments .
two men are playing the trumpet .
two men playing a musical instrument .
two students are playing the trumpet .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a man is holding a white dog .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a bucking bull .
a man in a stadium in a stadium .
a man is chasing a bull in a rodeo .
a bull is in a stadium .
a man and a dog are looking at each other .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a stadium .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are cleaning up a park .
a group of people clean up a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a park .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is making something .
a woman is making pottery .
a woman is making pottery .
an african woman is making an egg .
two children jumping into a pile of leaves .
a woman is throwing a pot .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman with her hands in her hands .
an african american woman holding two pots .
an african woman holds a pot .
a woman is standing in front of an oven .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a broom .
a woman is making pottery .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
two construction workers working together .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
two dogs are pulling a sled .
two people are sledding down a snowy hill .
a group of people are standing in a field .
two police officers in red dresses are standing in red dresses .
a group of people are running in a gym .
a man pushing a shopping cart .
a man in a raincoat is working on something .
men running on a track .
a man pushing a shopping cart .
a group of musicians watching a concert .
two musicians performing on stage .
a group of people playing music on a stage .
two men playing guitars .
two men performing on stage .
a woman in a white shirt is painting a picture .
a black dog swims with an object in its mouth .
a man sitting in the middle of a row of shoes .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a group of people walk down the street .
people on a hill on a snowy hill .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a boy in a red jacket is standing next to a tree .
a group of people in a store .
a group of girls standing in front of a crowd .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a machine .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a driver is pulling up a car .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman running in a race .
a child is jumping from a raft .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting in a circle .
a group of girls talking to a woman .
a teacher talks to students .
a young girl is jumping in midair .
a little girl is riding a scooter .
a young lady is jumping into the air .
a girl in a red shirt jumping in the air .
a man and a woman are making crafts .
a group of people raising their arms .
a man and a boy are working at a construction site .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man is conducting an orchestra .
a man in a blue shirt is conducting a picture .
a group of people are standing behind a barricade .
a group of people on the side of a road .
people raising their hands in their hands .
an orchestra in an orchestra .
a group of photographers are gathered around a table .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in overalls is holding a harness .
a man jogging down the street .
a brown and brown dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs on the beach near the water .
a dog is standing on the beach .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman hitting a tennis ball .
a tennis player jumps into the air .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a group of teenagers sit near water .
a man and a woman are riding a car .
a man wearing a reflective vest is carrying a rifle .
three girls are walking down the street .
a family enjoying a picnic .
a man in a room with a pencil in his mouth .
a group of men and two men are sitting in a room with computers .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room full of crafts .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a man are standing next to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is holding an object .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a video game .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a man shows off a sign .
a woman is rollerskating .
a large group of people are standing outside a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing against a blue wall .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man leaning against a wall .
a man stands in front of a blue wall .
a woman is pouring a drink .
a boy playing with an orchestra .
a man playing the accordion .
a woman in a bikini is jumping in the air .
a woman is serving a drink to a man .
a woman in a white bikini is pouring a drink into a cup of water .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a brunette woman in a white bikini is standing in a white bikini .
a woman is serving a drink to a man in a white shirt .
a man in a suit is standing in a city street .
a man jumps into a fountain .
a man is playing in a fountain .
a man is carrying a basket on his head .
a man in a blue shirt with a basket in the background .
a man carries a basket on his head .
a person in a blue shirt is walking on the road .
an old man with a cane is sleeping on a park bench in front of a large tree .
an old man is sleeping on a bench .
an old man is sleeping on the grass .
a man is taking a picture of a tree .
an older man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a motorcycle jumps off a ramp .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
two women are working together .
two women are working on a drag machine .
two women working on a sewing machine .
a woman sitting behind a sewing machine .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants is looking at a woman in a black shirt and black pants .
a woman is sewing machine .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a man and a woman are riding a car .
a group of people are standing near a plane .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is working on a project .
a man is sewing a puppet .
a man is sewing fabric .
a clown is applying mascara to a clown .
a man is standing in the shade .
three men and a woman in a store .
people are working in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
two men are helping each other .
three men are working at a construction site .
a little boy blowing bubbles on a cake .
a black and white dog stands on the grass .
a young boy blows out a candle on his birthday cake .
a group of people walking down the street .
a dog is running through the grass .
three people are walking down the street .
a little girl is blowing bubbles on a cake .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a young woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl is sitting on a couch .
a young girl in a gray sweater hides her face .
a girl is hiding her face from the camera .
a little girl in a pink dress is posing for a picture .
a little girl in a pink sweater is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding her hand .
a woman dressed in black is standing in front of a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is working on his guitar .
a white male in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a roof .
a group of football players are playing football .
a football player runs down the field .
two teams are playing soccer .
football players playing football .
a group of people playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer in a field .
a football player in a red uniform is taking a shot .
a group of football players playing football .
a man is crossing the street with two children .
a man in a uniform crossing a street .
a man is walking down a busy street .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a man is sitting on a horse at an event .
a quarterback prepares to throw a football .
a man and a woman are playing their war .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is trying to stop directions .
a worker smoking a cigarette .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is holding a large sack .
a man in a green shirt is walking through the leaves .
a man picking up trash .
a man looking at directions .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
people waiting for coffee .
a group of people are standing in line .
customers are eating food .
people waiting at a shop .
customers waiting for customers waiting for customers .
customers waiting for a restaurant at a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a body of water .
a police officer looking at the water .
a man looking at something .
a young boy is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a body of water .
a woman stands under a blue umbrella .
a woman in a rain jacket is standing in the rain .
a woman with a large black bag walks in the rain .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is standing in the rain .
two boys are jumping in the air .
a young girl in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a group of people are sitting on a table with umbrellas .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are cooking in a box .
pedestrians walk by a store .
a dog runs down a path .
a child holding an award .
two girls are drinking beer .
two women are preparing food .
two women at a bar .
two women stand next to a fruit stand .
a man and a woman in a kitchen .
a man in a black shirt is skateboarding in a skate park .
three people are riding on a large dog .
a man is doing a skateboard trick .
a man is holding an object .
two people are sitting on an elephant .
an older man is standing outside of a building .
a couple kissing together .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a couple kissing in front of a large building .
a man and woman kissing .
a child is holding a railing .
a child sleeps on a wooden pillow .
a child in a blue shirt is sleeping on a bed .
a boy sleeps on a couch .
a small child is sitting on a bench .
a lady is painting a picture .
people are gathered around a pizza stand .
a young girl with blond hair is playing with her hair .
a group of people standing outside of a pizza restaurant .
an old lady is painting a picture .
a small crowd of people are watching a small crowd .
a group of people standing outside of a pizza restaurant .
a young boy is jumping into the water .
an elderly woman in a striped shirt is painting a picture of people .
people are walking in a store .
many people shopping at a market .
a marketplace selling food .
a street vendor is selling food .
a group of people are selling food .
a man in a market is selling food at a market .
a market market sells food .
people shopping at a market .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man is standing next to a woman standing next to a woman with a ponytail .
a man playing an instrument .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a bald man in a dark suit and tie is playing bagpipes while a woman in a blue shirt and tie is holding her tongue out .
a little girl is playing bagpipes .
a man and a woman are playing bagpipes .
a man in a black shirt is playing bagpipes .
a man and a woman are playing bagpipes in front of a crowd .
a man in a suit is standing next to a woman in a suit .
a man playing the violin .
a young blond woman is standing next to a young blond woman .
a young blond woman sits next to a man in a suit playing bagpipes .
a man is playing an instrument .
a group of people are jumping up in the air on a stage .
a man and a woman are dressed in pink .
a man is eating food outdoors .
three dancers jump into the air .
a girl is mixing eggs in a kitchen .
two people are reading a book in front of a museum .
two women , one wearing blue and the other wearing blue , are walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a girl with her mouth open .
a black and white dog with a red collar in the background .
a child making a face at the camera .
a blond girl poses for the camera .
two older men are holding a beam .
a man wearing sunglasses , wearing sunglasses , is holding up signs .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
two men , one wearing glasses and one wearing glasses , are sitting on a bench .
a man in a cap and a cap is holding a cup .
a man and a man are sitting on a bench .
a man in an orange safety vest is standing next to a man wearing orange safety gear .
a man is talking to a man .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a picture .
a guy in a white shirt is holding something .
a woman buying something from a food vendor .
a woman is sitting at a restaurant at a restaurant .
a man is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a skier is in the snow .
two people are walking down the street .
two women are sitting at a bar with drinks .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting at a table with a drink in her hand .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a bar .
three children are playing in the grass .
a snowboarder doing a jump in the air .
a black dog with a red collar is sitting in the sand .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a school room full of young children .
young girls playing in the water .
a dog is running through the snow .
two children are playing in the water .
a band performs for a crowd of people .
a band is playing music .
a group of people at an outdoor concert .
two girls eating lunch .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two young girls are eating a meal outdoors .
four girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
a man rides his bike through the woods .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting at a concession stand .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
two men pushing a cart .
an asian man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy is walking on a stone wall near a brick building .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a boy is walking on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is wearing a blue tutu .
a man in a kilt wearing a kilt .
a man in a kilt is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a kilt in a field .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person playing with a toy toy .
a man taking a picture of graffiti .
a man is taking pictures of graffiti .
a man is standing next to a wall .
a graffiti covered wall with graffiti on it .
a group of people are sitting on a wall .
a woman in a red shirt and jeans is walking down a city street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down a sidewalk .
people walking down a busy street .
a man in a costume is playing with a puppet .
a teacher is holding a baby .
a man rides his bike on the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is running through a lab .
a man is working on a fire .
a man is working on a fire .
a couple sitting in a raft .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a black woman holding a baby .
a group of people are getting ready to board .
people hiking through a forest .
a photographer holding a camera .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people singing and singing .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a piece of paper .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a dog .
two young women wearing coats and jeans walk down the street .
a woman raises her hand .
a young woman waits for the puck .
a lady in a blue shirt is opening a present .
two women are walking down the street .
three boys in a play field .
a young man does tricks on a skateboard .
a woman is giving a speech .
two women are having a conversation .
two people are walking down the street .
a man juggling fire .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
a group of people are climbing through a fence .
a woman and her daughter are holding hands while holding hands .
a car parked in front of a car .
two men are walking down the street .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a woman is holding a camera .
a black man wearing a hat sitting on a curb .
a woman in a pink shirt is wearing a pink shirt .
a woman in a black dress walks down the street .
two people racing on bicycles .
a group of men in colorful costumes are standing in a circle .
a group of asian men are practicing martial arts .
a crowd of men dressed in costumes are dancing .
a woman hula hoops hula hoops .
a woman in a black shirt is shaking her leg .
a woman with green hair hula hoops .
a girl swings a hula hoop .
a man diving into a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike in a grocery cart .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a construction worker directing traffic .
a man is driving a car .
a child sits on a rock in the water .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a man repairing a bus bus .
two men chasing a giant ball .
a worker in a hard hat is working on a machine .
a man in a white shirt is working outside a building .
a man is working on a project .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is waiting for the subway .
a child is sleeping in a stroller .
a woman is pushing a shoe cart .
a man is sitting on a bench waiting for the camera .
a street vendor waits for customers .
a person waits for customers .
a shoe waits for the camera .
a man sitting on a bench next to a bench .
a woman is sleeping on a couch .
a little girl in a pink shirt is crying .
a young girl is pulling a baby doll .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl in pink is sleeping on a wooden floor .
a woman is sleeping on her bed .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl is sleeping on a couch .
two little girls are sleeping with their dolls .
a girl sleeps with her dolls .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a young woman is sitting in a chair .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a boy is walking down the street .
a guy is smiling at something .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a picture .
a young girl rides her bike .
a person in a blue shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man smoking a cigarette in front of a building .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two women walk down the street .
a group of people are pushing heavy machinery .
a group of people are walking down a hallway .
a group of people are riding a large machine .
a group of people working on a patient .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a person standing in a dimly lit area .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is standing in front of a microphone .
girls standing at a train station .
a girl in jeans and a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two men are working in a lab .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is looking at two men .
a person in a red shirt is walking down the street .
three boys in the ocean .
four people are riding on a wave .
a family is standing in front of boats .
a man and a woman are eating .
a family is eating at a harbor .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a family enjoying the day .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
two babies sitting next to each other .
two children are playing in the sand .
a group of small children are playing in the water .
two young children in a playground .
a guy playing a guitar .
a man is riding a atv on an atv .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a wheel wheel .
a man in a red shirt is standing in a car .
a man is driving a car .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a car .
an old man in a blue shirt is riding a car .
two girls sitting on a bench .
two ladies having a conversation .
a group of people at a fair .
a large group of people are gathered on a crowded street .
a group of people gathered around a renaissance fair .
a group of people are gathering at a supermarket .
a group of people at a local fair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a boy is sitting in the sand .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a swimming pool with a blue umbrella in the background .
a man is sitting on a beach under a blue umbrella .
a man is sleeping on the beach .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a person wearing a mask is wearing a mask .
a group of girls standing in front of a crowd .
two men are looking at work .
a dog runs through the grass .
two women are working in a lab .
a woman is showing another woman .
a swimmer in a swimming pool .
a man swimming in a pool .
a man in a swimming cap is swimming underwater .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man in a cap is sitting in a chair .
a man in yellow goggles and goggles is swimming in a pool .
a swimmer diving into a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of rocks .
a dancer poses for the camera .
a football game in the middle of a football game .
a person in a red shirt is standing in front of a pole .
a group of people are reading a book .
a young girl is playing a guitar .
a woman is riding her bike in an area .
a girl is riding a bicycle .
a woman with tattoo on her bike is riding her bike .
two men practicing martial arts .
a man in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball .
two men are competing in a competition .
a martial arts demonstration of a martial arts demonstration while a referee watches .
a man is leaning against a railing .
a group of children are sitting on a couch .
a person is riding a jet ski .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man leans against a car while another man leans against a car .
a person on a jet ski ski .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person on a ski lift .
a man and a woman jogging in the middle of the field .
a group of girls playing soccer .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of girls are playing soccer .
kids playing in a park .
a toddler and a small child are sitting in a room .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a woman and child are serving food .
a group of people are eating food .
two people are eating a meal .
an old lady and a child sitting at a table .
a boy with a face painted face paint .
a group of young children are sitting on benches .
a girl reading a book .
two young girls are sitting in a classroom .
two children are sitting in front of a typewriter with a book .
a girl is reading a book .
a dog runs through the grass .
a girl on a beach in the ocean .
a little girl is sitting on the beach .
a girl is riding a bike in the park .
a young girl is doing a handstand on a beach .
a young child is sitting on a swing .
a man and a woman are sitting on a boat .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing a game .
three dogs play in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a group of people waiting for a performance .
a band is performing a concert .
a group of musicians performing on stage .
a group of boys are standing in front of a building .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in front of bushes .
a group of employees having a conversation .
a child with face paint on his face .
a young girl with a red umbrella stands in front of flowers .
a little girl in a pink shirt is crying .
a girl holding an umbrella .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a person is riding a bike .
a girl is fishing .
there are graffiti on the wall .
a girl is fishing .
a young girl is fishing .
a woman is fishing .
a man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a man holding a white dog is holding a white dog .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a computer .
a person is reading a book .
a group of ladies sitting at a table .
two young women are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a couple walks down the street .
a hockey player in a white jersey is playing ice hockey .
a hockey player in a red uniform is running .
a hockey player in a white jersey is playing a hockey game .
a man in a white sport coat is standing in a field .
a man walking across the street .
two dark haired women in white coats are standing in front of a store .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a crosswalk .
a man in a white shirt with a white ball in his mouth .
two men are walking down the street .
a family getting ready for a wedding .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people celebrating in the rain .
people standing in a church .
a large crowd of people are standing in line .
a father and his parents are posing for a picture .
two men are looking up at the sky .
a group of people are eating food .
two teenagers are sitting on a bench .
two men are eating a meal .
two young men eating a meal .
a man with no shoes on is standing in front of a church .
a worker is cleaning out of a ditch .
a worker working on a fence .
a person looking at something .
a man is working on a wall .
a man and a child standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white dress is standing in a crowd .
a group of people sitting by a desk .
a man in a green shirt is running through the grass .
a group of people running in the london olympics .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
several people are sitting on a boat with scuba gear .
a woman crosses the street in the middle of the street .
a person is walking with a cane .
a woman with long hair is holding a yoga mat .
a woman in a white shirt is looking behind herself .
a woman walking down the street .
a group of children are gathered around a table .
lady waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are in the water .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an asian man walks with a shopping bag .
a man walking down a street .
a man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a car .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are praying .
two monks are kneeling on the floor .
a martial arts student is practicing martial arts .
a group of people in a martial arts class .
two men are performing in front of a crowd .
a man in a cowboy hat rides a yellow tractor .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a bucking bronco .
a person is riding a bike .
a person rides a vehicle on a dirt road .
a man is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike in the woods .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a dog plays with a white dog .
a bicyclist in the air .
a person is riding a bicycle down a dirt road .
three skiers race in the snow .
two boys are playing soccer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person wearing a black tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl is skateboarding on a ramp .
two football players in the snow .
a woman is performing a skateboard trick .
a person riding a bike in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in the snow .
a group of people are making a garden outside .
a man in a blue jacket is shoveling snow .
two men are skiing in the snow .
a person is playing with a dog .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a person in a blue shirt is being pulled by a dog .
a black and white dog pulls another dog .
a woman and a dog on a snowy mountain .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a group of people wearing protective gear .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a child looking at the camera .
a person sitting on a bench .
two people are walking down the street .
two children are playing baseball .
two women are standing next to each other .
children playing baseball in a park .
a group of soccer players on the field .
people playing soccer in front of a large building .
a man in a white shirt is holding a candle .
a man is carrying a large candle .
a man holding a candle .
a man is holding a candle .
a man holding a candle .
a group of people are making art .
two people are walking down the street .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a group of people are riding bikes on a sunny day .
a worker is cleaning the windows of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man is playing soccer .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a soccer player runs on the field .
a man in a white shirt is playing soccer .
a large crowd of people are playing soccer .
a soccer game at a soccer game .
a stadium in a stadium .
a soccer stadium is being played .
soccer players playing in a stadium .
a little girl is holding a large bird .
a black man is painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a chair on a wooden bench .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is using a statue of a statue .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a man is using a hammer .
a dog is standing next to a tree .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
an indian woman wearing a red and white uniform is walking down the street .
two boys play in the snow .
a person in a protective mask is cleaning a large structure .
two men in military gear are standing on a street .
a young girl doing dishes in a kitchen .
a girl is washing her stuffed animal .
a young girl in a blue shirt is washing a sink .
a boy rides a dirt bike .
two dogs are playing in the snow .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young child plays in a pool .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a family is watching a child .
a man is helping a little boy with a hose .
a black dog swimming in the water .
a toddler is sitting on a merry go round .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a musician sings into a microphone .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a person performing a handstand on stage .
a group of cyclists watch as spectators watch .
bicyclists pass by an audience .
a person crossing the street .
a woman in a striped shirt is giving a speech .
a young boy in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man in a black and white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
two people cooking in a kitchen .
a man crosses the street .
a young boy is hitting a metal bowl .
a young boy in a blue shirt is hitting a volleyball on an anvil .
a child in a blue shirt and headphones is working on a piece of metal .
a boy in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a boy in jeans and a t shirt is jumping on an anvil .
a woman dressed up in a costume .
a group of indian women are walking up stairs .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a pink dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting on stairs .
a group of people are in the street .
a dog swims in the water .
a yellow dog jumping into the water .
a group of children playing in the sand .
people climbing stairs .
a dog in the water .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man and a woman are listening to each other .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are standing next to each other on the ground .
a man and a woman are working on a project .
three people are working together .
a group of cheerleaders are in the air .
two men buying produce at a stand .
a little girl is holding a box .
two men having a conversation .
two men are sitting at a table eating food .
two men are standing next to a small structure .
an artist is painting a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is writing .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a bird is sitting in the water .
people watch from a balcony .
a duck swims in the water .
a group of people are watching a building .
three people are walking down the street .
a duck swims in the water .
a man is standing in the middle of the street .
two young girls standing next to each other .
an older man in front of a group of people sitting in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is getting his haircut .
an older man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt stand in front of a man in a black shirt .
a man with a beard , a beard , and a man with a beard in front of a crowd .
a man with a beard is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is getting his haircut .
a construction worker in an orange vest is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is cutting something in front of an audience .
a man with a beard is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man shaving another man .
a man in a white shirt is giving a presentation .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is working on a project .
a woman is looking at the camera .
a man in a jacket is looking at a woman .
a man and a woman are wearing coats .
a woman in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
an asian girl with a smile on her face .
an asian girl in an orange outfit is taking a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
an asian girl smiles .
a girl in a pink shirt is giving a picture .
a woman is looking at plants in the distance .
a person wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
a woman is holding a backpack .
a group of children playing in the water .
a group of people are buying ice cream from a truck .
a man is selling food .
a blond woman is sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt is holding several bags .
a man with a mustache is sitting in a chair .
a man in a black hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue baseball cap and blue shirt is playing baseball .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
two children are sitting next to a drinking fountain .
two boys stand by a water fountain .
two boys are playing in the snow .
children playing in a park .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt holding a cigarette .
a group of people on stage .
a group of dancers dancing ballet .
a group of dancers performing on stage .
a group of dancers performing on stage .
a group of dancers dancing on stage .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
people walking through a river .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people are in a field .
a group of people in a field .
a biker is looking at his bike .
a dog plays with a frisbee .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a young boy is preparing to cross the street .
a man in a green shirt is riding a bike .
a woman in a red shirt is rollerskating .
a girl in a pink shirt slides down a ramp .
a woman is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a child in a blue shirt is holding something .
a young girl in a roller derby outfit is jumping in the air .
a man is relaxing on a bench .
a man in a striped shirt is standing next to a man in a chair .
a man wearing a hat is sitting in a chair .
a shirtless man is resting on a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person is sitting on a bench in the middle of the road .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an older man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
an old man rests on a patio .
an older man is sitting on a bench in front of a bicycle .
an elderly man sleeps on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
people are buying ice cream .
a man playing a guitar on a street .
a man playing music in a park .
a man is playing a guitar on a sidewalk .
a man in a black shirt is playing the accordion .
a man sits in front of a white building playing music .
men in blue shirts and hats are paddling through a river .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black jacket and an umbrella is walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are playing music on a sidewalk .
a man playing a guitar on a street corner .
a group of people are playing music on the water .
a group of people are playing music on the water .
a man in a bathing suit is standing in front of a lake .
a man playing the drums .
people walking on a street .
a black woman carrying a bag of groceries .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
children playing in a restaurant .
a man playing the drums .
two dogs are competing in a race .
a group of people are standing on a bridge .
a woman in a white dress walks down the street .
a man standing on the roof of a building .
a little asian girl smiles while holding a bottle .
a woman throwing a frisbee in a field .
a man is sitting at a restaurant .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man is riding a large brown dog in the snow .
a woman crossing the street .
a woman running in heels .
a white woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men at a food stand .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a vegetable stand .
two men and a woman are standing at a vegetable stand .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing at a vegetable stand .
a group of people standing at a vegetable stand .
a person rock climbing .
a woman carrying her daughter .
a person wearing jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two girls are playing frisbee .
a man is using a hammer .
a man is working on a project .
a man is painting on a ladder .
a group of people in the water .
a couple smiling and smiling .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is watching another person .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a task in the kitchen .
a group of people are gathered around a theater .
there is a large conference conference .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
two women talking on a bench .
a group of people at a restaurant .
a group of people are standing in a vehicle .
two people walk down a snowy hill .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people are looking at a train .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is posing on the beach .
a group of girls in a ceremony .
a mountain biker in the snow .
two climbers climbing a mountain .
two people climbing a mountain .
two mountain climbers climbing up a snowy mountain .
a group of people on a snowy mountain .
a man is standing in the sun .
a boy in a white shirt is standing in a market .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a boy is standing in the rain .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a child splashing in the water .
a little boy splashing in a blue pool .
a boy is swimming in a pool .
a small child playing in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people in hospital scrubs .
a man looking at a bird in a tree .
a person is jumping in the air .
a person jumping in the air .
a person jumps off of a large rock .
a man in a desert suit is standing in the desert .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a rock climber in the desert in the desert .
two girls playing soccer in a field .
a soccer player is running .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a little girl poses for a picture .
a person in a white shirt is standing in front of a fire .
a football player in a blue jersey is approaching a football .
a girl is walking down the street .
a group of cyclists are competing in a race .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young woman in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman in jeans is walking down the street .
a man in a uniform walks down the street .
several people in front of a mountain .
a man walks down the street .
a man walks down the street .
a man walks along the street .
a man in black is walking on a road .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is standing behind a table .
a man in traditional garb is dressed in traditional garb .
a man in a religious suit stands in front of a cafe .
an african american man standing alone in front of a drum .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the road .
a black and white dog is running .
a man in a green shirt walks across the street .
two children playing in a park .
children playing on a slide .
children playing on a playground .
a group of people are playing outside .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two children play on a slide .
an elderly woman on a street with graffiti on it .
a man in a blue shirt is getting his head done .
a group of children are playing volleyball .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a teddy pillow .
a smiling child runs through the grass .
men dancing in the street .
a group of people are dancing on a street .
a group of men in a parade .
two men dancing in a parade .
a child runs down the street .
a group of people standing on stairs holding a trophy .
a group of children look at a pigeon .
two girls are standing in front of a building .
four asian people are standing on a street corner .
a group of asian girls posing for a picture .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
four children are standing near a street .
four girls are standing on a street corner .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are holding up umbrellas .
a group of people gather at the top of a flight of stairs .
a man in a blue shirt is holding an umbrella .
a group of people are standing in front of a row of stairs .
a group of people are holding umbrellas .
people crossing the street .
two construction workers are working together .
construction workers working on a scaffold .
three people are standing outside of a building .
three men are working on the ground .
three men are working on a scaffold .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
three men are sitting on a bench .
three construction workers are working on scaffolding .
three construction workers on scaffolding .
a woman is posing for a picture .
two children playing with an axe .
a group of people standing on stairs .
two boys posing with an ax .
two boys are standing near a pile of hay .
two boys are playing soccer .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt playing the trumpet .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a referee holding a flag .
a man is playing an instrument .
men playing softball .
a man using a chainsaw to cut wood .
a man is carving a piece of art .
five men , one in a red shirt and one in a red shirt , are walking up a street .
a man is putting a statue of a statue .
a man is working on an art sculpture .
three children are sitting on a bench .
three men are standing in the grass .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are sitting on the floor laughing .
a group of people are playing cards .
a man is climbing up stairs .
a woman blowing bubbles .
a church in front of a church .
a woman is blowing bubbles on the beach .
a child is playing with bubbles .
a lady is walking down the street .
a man is listening to music .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people hold a frisbee .
a crowd of people jumping into the air .
a man is working on a project .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a man wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a man is reading a newspaper .
two boys petting a goat .
a group of people in a park .
people walking around a market .
a father and two boys are playing in the snow .
two children are standing near a dog .
a group of people are camping in a park .
a woman is walking towards a building .
a woman in a striped skirt is standing in front of a large building .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a group of people .
five men standing on a stage .
a girl climbing a wall .
a woman is sitting on the water .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two girls climbing on a rock wall .
a group of young girls are standing in a field .
a young female basketball team wearing a white jersey and blue and white .
a young female basketball team wearing a white jersey and a white basketball jersey .
a team of people in a ceremony .
a group of girls getting ready for a game .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a baby sitting on the floor .
a dog walks in the grass .
a brown dog walks in the grass .
a dog is running in the grass .
a brown dog on a sunny day .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a young girl in a club in a club .
a man is holding an object on his back .
a brown haired woman with short brown hair , wearing a brown tank top and black pants , is standing in a crowd .
a woman with brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a person is standing in front of a crowd .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a race car in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs on the beach .
a car drives down the road .
a dog catches a frisbee .
two firefighters in a field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men wearing hard hats are walking behind each other .
two men in hard hats are standing on a street .
a man and a woman are walking down a busy street with their backs to the camera .
a man and a woman are standing in the sunlight .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is eating food .
a couple enjoying a meal .
a man and a woman are eating food on the sidewalk .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is sitting on a park bench .
a woman is sitting on a wall .
a woman with brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a dog is digging in the snow .
a man pulling a rope on a rope .
a dog digs a hole in a yard .
a woman in a white shirt is pulling a wall .
a dog with a frisbee in its mouth .
a dog chasing a frisbee .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
an employee working on a machine .
a man is loading laundry .
a worker is talking on a cellphone .
a woman working at a store .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
two people are looking at a washing machine .
a man is swinging a baseball bat .
a soccer player in a yellow shirt is playing tennis .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
a woman in a blue shirt is performing a dance .
a female softball player wearing a blue jersey is holding a football .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
a softball player runs towards base .
a girl swings at a softball .
a baseball player swings with a bat .
a man washing clothes .
a worker working on a construction site .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man and two women are sitting on a bench .
two women and a man in a laboratory .
a group of young students are smiling at the camera .
a group of friends are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man doing construction work .
a man is using a hammer .
a construction worker fixing a roof .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is taking a break from a boat .
a man in a cap and a cap is holding a cup .
a person on a lake .
a sign with a sign on it .
a group of people walking by a building .
people walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people walking down the street .
a teacher is being held by a group of children .
a group of seven people in a raft .
a group of people in a river .
seven people are paddling in the water .
a person looking at the camera .
a man is looking through a telescope in a telescope .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing on a pillar .
a man is looking up at a telescope .
a baby crying .
a man looking through a telescope .
a group of men in uniforms are standing in a circle .
people standing on a wooden structure .
two men are sitting around a table .
children playing on a slide .
a child is playing with a toy .
a group of people at an airport .
a child is playing with a slide .
people waiting for a bus .
a woman in a white shirt is standing at an airport .
people waiting for their bags .
people waiting for their luggage at the airport .
a man in a baseball cap is looking at the water .
a young boy is sitting on a boat .
two boats are in the water .
two boys hugging each other .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
a young boy in a blue shirt is pouring water into water .
a man is cleaning the water .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is sitting on a boat .
a young boy in a blue shirt is spraying water out of his boat .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two people hugging each other on a couch .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a group of children are cheering .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a group of children ride a ride .
a group of children at a carnival .
three scooters parked on the sidewalk near a brick building .
a group of people are riding bikes in the water .
a group of people looking at something .
people rowing down a river in a river .
a brown dog is standing over a white dog .
a group of motorcycles parked on a road .
a line of motorcycles in a line .
a line of motorcycles in a line .
a group of people are riding a motorcycle .
a crowd of people are walking on a road .
a black and white dog is playing with a brown dog .
a brown and white dog is laying on a carpet .
two dogs play in a pool .
two dogs play in a pool .
two dogs are playing in the living room .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is painting a painting on a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is working in a kitchen .
a person is painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
two children playing in the sand .
a group of young children running in the swimming pool .
two people crossing the street .
a blond woman in a blue shirt is standing in a crowd .
young boys running in a race .
two boys walk down the street .
a man is fishing .
a person in a white shirt is fishing .
a man in a blue shirt holding a fishing pole .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
a man holding a baby .
a father in a blue shirt is getting a child in a blue shirt .
a man holding a young baby .
a child in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
two boys running in a race .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is running on a beach .
a small dog jumps on the sand .
two dogs run through the grass .
a brown and white dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown and white dog is running .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is standing in the snow .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a group of people are rock climbing .
a boy in a blue shirt is preparing for something .
a skier doing a jump on a snowboard .
two people walk in front of a car .
a red car is parked on its car .
a man and a woman walk past a car .
a couple walks past a car .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a child in a plaid shirt and blue shorts is standing in front of a man wearing a blue shirt .
a boy and his father play in the sand .
a person kayaking through rapids .
four people are preparing drinks in a kitchen .
a man is walking down the street with a shopping cart .
a man stands in front of a sign .
a group of people are walking in the rain .
a man is walking past an advertisement .
a person walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt walks by a large building .
a man in a white shirt is crossing the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking by a memorial .
two men are cutting wood .
a man is standing on a dock in front of a dock .
a group of people are working on a boat .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people working on a cruise ship .
men working on a boat .
a mother is holding a baby .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are riding their bikes .
a woman in a red top and a woman in a red top are walking down a street .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a boy is falling off his skateboard .
a man is skateboarding down the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with an accident .
a group of people are using a tree saw .
cheerleaders performing in a competition .
a man and a woman perform music .
a baby is holding a baby .
three people in a house .
two children are reading books .
a man and a woman are putting a man in an orange cloth on a mountain .
a boy is sitting on a wooden staircase .
a woman holding a baby .
a man in a white shirt is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman is carrying her baby on the sidewalk .
a man sitting on a beach next to a bike .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is riding a race car .
a person is performing a trick on a ramp .
a man is running away from a police officer .
a group of people are blowing bubbles .
three people are walking down the street .
a little girl in a blue dress is playing with a toy .
three people sitting on a bench .
a child and a woman are looking at a red and white dress .
four people sitting on a bench looking at the ocean .
a mother is working on her bike .
children are playing on a trampoline .
a woman is holding a baby .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is applying lipstick on a loom .
a young man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl is playing volleyball on the beach .
a girl is playing volleyball .
a woman is playing volleyball on the beach .
a man is kissing a baby .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man cooking meat on a grill .
a man in a green shirt and blue jeans is standing on a rock .
a man in a blue apron is preparing food .
a man in jeans is cooking on a truck .
a man in a white shirt is holding a spatula .
two men are using a large barbecue gun .
two men cooking on a grill .
two men cooking in a barrel .
two men grilling meat on a grill .
two men are looking into a barrel .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man taking a picture of a child .
a man and a woman are pulling each other .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a tennis racket .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a city street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in the middle of a street .
two people walk down the street .
a woman playing a guitar and singing .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a
a farmer putting down hay .
a man is playing golf .
a group of women are walking down the street .
a group of people are hiking in the woods .
a group of women are walking down the street .
people playing soccer .
a group of people putting hay in a cart .
a group of football players are playing a game .
two men are playing football .
a quarterback is getting ready to throw a cross football .
a man in a blue jersey is playing a game of basketball .
two football players on the field .
a group of football players playing football .
a quarterback is attempting to tackle a football .
a group of people are in a field .
a football player in a red jersey is playing a football game .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is holding a camera .
a child is sledding down a hill .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child in a red jacket sits on a red pumpkin in the snow .
a child in protective gear sledding down a hill .
a soccer player dives for the soccer ball .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a man is taking a picture .
a large group of people are standing outside of a building .
a woman is working on a project .
a dog runs through the snow .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman behind a counter selling cake .
a lady working at a business .
two boys are playing with each other on a table .
children playing with sticks .
a man is running down the street .
a group of children are working on blocks .
a man sitting on a wall with a view of a city .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is holding a dog .
a man in a white shirt serving a product .
an older man with a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on the ground .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people picking bread .
a woman working with crayons .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people are sitting on the water .
a group of people on a sunny day .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a medical office .
farmers carry their crops .
a dog swims in the ocean .
a group of children are playing together .
a man is working on a project .
three skiers are falling through the air .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
three people are standing in the sky .
two people are walking down the street .
three men and a woman are riding a horse .
three people are jumping in the air .
two people looking into the distance .
a black and white dog running in the snow .
a man wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing in front of a microphone .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm is holding a microphone .
a man is standing next to a woman in a white shirt .
a man stands at a rail with a woman in a black shirt .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is performing a trick .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a person is cleaning a horse .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a band performs on stage .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of musicians playing a concert .
a woman in a tank top is holding a bottle .
a young woman is looking at the camera .
a group of men are playing instruments .
three people are carrying a dog on a grill .
a group of people are playing volleyball .
the volleyball players are playing volleyball .
a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
two women playing volleyball .
a basketball player in red and white is dribbling the ball .
two women competing in a volleyball court .
a man in a blue shirt is running in the rain .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
three people walking with a dog on a leash .
a group of men are carrying a dog .
a little boy in a blue shirt is playing with a dog .
a woman in a plaid shirt is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is sitting in a chair .
a person in a blue dress is walking on a sidewalk .
a woman stands next to a fence .
a woman stands next to a fence .
a dog swims with a stick in its mouth .
two artists standing on the street .
a man in a gray shirt buying ice cream from a man in a gray shirt .
two people are buying ice cream from a man .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting on the floor .
a group of people are gathered around a white tent .
an ice cream vendor selling ice cream .
a family is opening presents .
a group of people are standing in front of a body of water .
a large group of people are standing in front of a lake .
a group of people are standing in front of a monument .
a group of fishermen in the water .
a large group of people are preparing food .
a group of people are sitting on the water .
a woman is sitting in a boat .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a person is pushing a wooden boat .
a woman in a gondola is floating on a river .
a boat going down a river .
a man in an orange shirt is drinking a popsicle .
a young boy poses in the woods .
a young boy is kneeling on the grass and smiling .
a young boy climbs a forest hill .
construction workers working on a roof .
two dogs jump in the snow .
two dogs fighting in the air .
a mother and two children having a good time .
a group of people are opening presents .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a baby is sleeping on a couch .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
two people in a park .
a little boy is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a girl in a pink outfit is sitting in a chair .
a group of people working on a roof .
two men working in a factory tunnel .
two men in a tunnel .
runners competing in a race .
two men are working on a project .
people looking at the phone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people in a kitchen .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman standing in the street .
a woman is taking a picture of someone 's phone .
a man is walking down the street .
a dog swims in the water .
a man in a white shirt is painting graffiti .
a man in a white shirt is playing a game with fire .
a man in a white shirt is standing on fire .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is looking at artwork in a museum .
a man is playing an instrument .
a man is standing on a rocky hill .
a person poses in the desert .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt stands on a snowy mountain .
a man is hiking down a mountain .
a man in a black jacket is standing in the road .
a person jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person jumping in the middle of a road .
a person jumping in the road .
a person is jumping into the air .
a man jumping on a desert road .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt playing a musical instrument .
a group of people are standing in front of a microphone .
a dog runs through the snow .
a little boy in a blue shirt is playing with bubbles .
a little boy is playing in the ocean .
the little boy is enjoying the day .
a beautiful view of a snowy landscape .
a boy is swimming in the water .
a group of people sitting on the ground .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse .
a horse is chasing a horse .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a woman is competing in a race .
a man is hanging upside down on the ground .
a man in a vest rides a bull .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco .
a man and a woman are playing a guitar .
a man is standing in front of a yellow building .
a man in a black shirt is taking pictures .
three young people at a sporting event .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a young girl with a whistle in her hands .
a group of people in a game .
a group of men in green shirts are singing .
a black and white dog is running on the beach .
a football player rolling on the field .
a football player in a blue shirt and blue shorts is diving on his head .
a man is eating food .
a man in swim trunks is jumping into the water .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to swim .
a man in a swimming pool is throwing water into a pool .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are looking at a swimming pool .
a man wearing goggles and goggles is standing in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is swimming in a pool .
two men are performing on stage .
a band plays music at a wedding .
four men are standing in a room holding instruments .
a group of men playing instruments on stage .
a group of people playing instruments .
two men are having a pillow fight .
two men are kissing each other .
a group of young men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are
two women walking down the street .
two teenagers are playing in the water .
two teenage girls are laughing .
two girls , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two boys are playing soccer .
a man and a woman are walking in a field .
a person rides a red motorcycle .
several people are inspecting a boat in the harbor .
a person carrying a tray of food .
a group of people are fencing in a kitchen .
a group of people working on a project .
a girl floating in a pool .
two young boys play video games .
a group of teenagers playing tug of war .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of people working in a factory .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a group of men work on a boat .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
people shopping at a market .
a group of people are looking at fruits .
a group of people are shopping at a market .
a man pushing a child in a stroller .
a bald man rides a unicycle down a road .
a young man in a blue shirt is riding a unicycle .
a man rides a unicycle .
a man rides a motorcycle in the streets .
a man rides a vehicle on a dirt road .
a baby in the back of a cab .
a child is riding a car .
a baby is crying in a white car .
a child in a blue shirt is crying .
a crowd gathers for a performance .
a group of young people are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people at a concert .
a group of people are walking on a busy street .
a man is walking down the street .
a guy with flour on his face .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two men cooking in a large kitchen .
three people are working together .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a group of people in a kitchen .
three men working in a kitchen .
three men are preparing food .
three chefs working together .
three chefs working at work .
three chefs prepare food in a small kitchen .
a group of people are cooking .
three chefs preparing food .
three men preparing food in a kitchen .
a restaurant in a restaurant .
a man cutting a fish .
a man selling fish .
a person is riding a dirt bike .
a cyclist rides a bike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a group of people waving their arms .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting fish .
two small children are playing in the sand .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a person is climbing up a pole .
two children are playing in the sand .
two friends are playing in a classroom .
two boys are playing in the sand .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman rides her bike down the street .
a woman is sitting on a ledge on the beach .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman enjoys the sun on the beach .
a woman is doing a handstand on the beach .
a woman in a black bikini rides a bike on the beach .
a woman in shorts is riding a bike .
a woman is riding a bike down the street .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman in a bikini rides a bike .
a woman rides a bike on the beach .
three guys drinking beer .
a little girl is playing with bubbles .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a child playing with a toy toy .
three men are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of men are drinking beer .
a small child is holding an umbrella .
people walking through the woods .
a group of people are holding up their arms .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a group of children playing tug of war .
a man and woman are making faces .
children running in a race .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a camera .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
two people are standing next to a loom .
a lady in a red jacket is helping a little boy 's face .
a toddler wearing a maroon shirt and blue jeans is holding a toddler .
an older lady helps a little kid in a blue shirt .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a cat is in the kitchen .
a man is riding a bull .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with his bicycle .
a brown dog swims with a black dog .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a baseball player holding a baseball bat .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a boy jumps into a wave .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is doing karate .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
two bikers are riding a bike .
two dogs are pulling a sled .
two dogs are pulling a sled down a snowy hill .
two dogs are pulling each other .
two dogs run in the snow .
two dogs are pulling on snow .
two motorcycle riders cross a road .
a father and son look at barbecue grill .
a man and a woman are working on a grill .
a man is working on a grill .
two men are looking at a grill .
a group of people are walking around a track .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a group of people are watching a man in a blue shirt .
a woman is sitting in a bathroom .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a parade .
people standing at the bottom of a walkway .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man in a black shirt is clapping .
people sitting at a table drinking beer .
a group of young men and women drinking beer .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting around a coffee table with beer bottles .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men are riding past a building .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a tractor while another man is holding a bucket .
a man is riding a bike in the street .
a man is balancing a ladder on a ladder .
a group of elderly people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a cat watches a cage .
a woman is looking at her dog .
a woman is watching a cat .
a woman is looking at a cat in a cage .
a woman is sitting in a chair with two dogs .
a woman in a white shirt is drinking a juice .
people waiting for customers outside of a restaurant .
a child playing with toys .
a small child is holding a small child .
a child is playing a game of monopoly .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder .
a group of people talking to each other .
a busy city street .
a man is walking on a city street .
a child swimming in a pool .
a child wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a small child wearing goggles .
a young girl in a blue shirt is standing in front of a body of water .
a young child is sitting on a raft in a swimming pool .
a woman dressed in traditional clothing is walking in front of a store .
a person is riding a vehicle .
a cyclist is competing in a competition .
a bicyclist rides on a wooden track .
an elderly woman in a white shirt is playing the drums .
a female with her mouth open .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a pier .
a young boy stands in a truck with fruit .
two people are parasailing on a sunny day .
two people are parasailing on the beach .
a man in a green shirt is holding a green shirt .
an elderly man is standing in front of a building .
a person in a blue shirt is using the water .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a
an old man reading a paper .
a girl holding a balloon .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a little girl is standing next to a door .
a little girl stands in a doorway holding a red balloon .
two people are sitting next to a wall .
a man is talking with a woman in a white shirt .
a child is holding a balloon .
a little girl is looking at a building .
a little girl is standing next to a window .
a girl holding a balloon in front of a wooden building .
a girl in a blue shirt is holding a balloon .
a girl is holding a balloon .
a child holding a balloon in front of a building .
a child is standing outside of a building .
a child in a blue shirt is standing outside of a building .
a child holding a balloon in front of a construction site .
a child is standing outside holding a balloon .
two women working in a village .
two friends working in a village .
a man in a white shirt is holding a jackhammer .
a boy stands next to a wagon full of watermelons .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
protesters in the middle of a photo with a magazine display .
a woman reading a magazine .
protesters standing in the distance .
protesters standing behind a magazine display .
a group of people protesting .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a store .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
two children eating ice cream .
a child and a woman sit in front of a christmas tree .
two people are looking at christmas presents .
a picture of a christmas tree .
a girl is holding a goat .
a woman and a girl smile in front of a christmas tree .
a man trying to catch a yellow model airplane .
a brown dog drinking water from a bowl while a black dog watches .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
three dogs are gathered around a wooden table .
two dogs drinking beer .
a child showing off a rock .
a group of people are working in a field .
a man is fixing a piece of wood .
a girl in a black shirt is doing a routine .
a man is playing with a toy toy .
two women sitting on a bench .
two women sitting at a bus stop .
two women are waiting on the street .
a person sitting on a bench .
people waiting for a bus .
a female athlete is about to perform a trick .
people walk past a display of carnival games .
a black man in a black shirt plays the harmonica .
a man is taking a break from a roof .
a female gymnast wearing a red leotard is doing a handstand .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a person looking at the water .
a scuba diver in the water .
a man in a blue shirt holding a flashlight .
a scuba diver in a swimming pool .
a scuba diver underwater underwater .
a man and a dog are on a sled .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman making art .
a bride is dancing .
two little girls are playing together .
a woman is walking down a street .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a woman walking through a plaza .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a bird in the air .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
a lady and a child are sitting on a bench .
a group of people performing on stage .
people walking down a path .
a group of people at a game .
a group of people in a stadium .
a group of people are walking around a building .
people walking through a stadium .
a group of people in a stadium .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking in the leaves .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
the surfer is on the water .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a display with a wire sculpture .
a woman in a white shirt is talking to a sculpture .
a person in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is watching a sculpture .
a woman is looking at a sculpture .
a girl is sitting on a swing .
several women in a bedroom .
three asian people are talking to a white bull .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on the ground .
a man and woman are playing basketball .
people playing instruments on stage .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a dog runs through the snow .
spectators watching an event .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
two dogs play in a field .
a man and a woman are laughing in a race .
a meeting at a conference .
a smiling woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two boys are sitting on a bench .
a man with long hair and glasses is sitting at a table and smiling .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man holding a sign .
a man is laying down on a bench .
a man is lying on the floor .
a man is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a man in front of a store .
three men talk with one another .
a couple walking down the street .
a vendor selling food on the street .
people walking down a city street .
a street full of asian shops .
people walking in an asian city .
a bicyclist jumps in the air .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bouquet of gold flags .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a flag .
a person is riding a bike down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is drinking a drink .
a small grocery store is in india .
a boy playing on a playground slide .
a man is sitting at a picnic table eating .
a young man in a blue shirt is playing with a pinata .
two women are performing on stage .
a woman in a black dress is dancing .
three women are dancing .
a boy drinking at a table .
two women dancing in colorful clothing .
a guy is sleeping on a bench .
two children in front of a computer .
a young boy is sitting on a large piece of paper .
two men are playing an electric guitar .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two dogs play in the grass .
two men standing by a speaker .
a band plays on stage .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
two women are standing with ski poles in the snow .
two people are standing in the snow .
skiers standing on a snowy mountain .
a man selling fruit .
a boy shows off his necklace .
a man in a blue sweater holding a microphone .
a boy in a blue sweater is holding a magazine .
a little boy in a blue sweater is holding up a necklace .
two women are resting on a bench .
two asian women are selling food .
two women selling food .
two women are selling food .
two women in black shirts are selling food .
two women are selling food .
two women are sitting against a wall .
a group of people are selling things outside .
a woman running in a race .
cheerleaders performing in a football field .
a young woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a runner running in the street .
a group of cheerleaders are performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an artist is painting a landscape .
a man is painting a picture of a group of people .
a man with a gray hat painting a picture .
an old man painting a picture of an old man .
a group of people are playing music .
a little girl is holding onto a boy 's shoulders .
a tennis player in white hits a tennis ball .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a man is playing soccer .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are standing in front of a billboard .
a man working with a machine .
an african american man is working on a wooden machine .
an african american man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is working on a machine .
a man working with a machine .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men are working together .
two men working at a construction site .
two men are working together .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in a field .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are walking down a street .
a young lady is sitting on a bench .
a girl is fixing another girl 's hair .
two girls , one in a blue shirt and the other in a black shirt , are in the middle of a gym .
a group of people are working on their bike .
two girls are posing for a picture .
a woman with three children and three children .
a young girl in a blue shirt and a boy in a white shirt are standing in front of a building .
three people are walking down the street .
a girl in a red shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a girl and two men are standing near a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a girl in a pink shirt and a girl in a pink shirt are walking down the street .
a couple standing in front of a building .
a view of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman with a guitar and a man with a guitar are standing outside of a building .
a man with a guitar is standing next to a man with a guitar .
a squirrel in the snow .
a squirrel in the snow .
a squirrel jumps in the air .
a squirrel in the snow .
a dog jumps through the snow .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a small dog runs through the grass .
a squirrel jumps over a gate .
a man in a black shirt is selling meat .
a person in a white shirt is holding a tray of food .
a man is pushing a wheelchair in front of a wheelchair .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man pushes a chair in the street .
a man is pushing a wheelchair on a busy street .
a group of people are eating food .
a team dressed in red and black uniforms are standing on each other .
a scuba diver in the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two bikers racing on a track .
people racing on a track .
four cyclists are racing .
a bicyclist is racing down a track .
an elderly woman serving food .
a woman and a child on the beach .
a woman and child at the beach .
a group of people are standing next to a body of water .
a woman and child on the beach .
a woman is watching the ocean .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
two people are looking at the water .
two dogs play in a field .
a woman and her son walk down the street .
a black and white dog is biting a toy fence .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit talks with a child .
a man in a hard hat is working with tools .
two people pose for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is cooking in the kitchen .
a man is mixing something .
a chef in a chef 's shirt is mixing magazines .
a man in a white shirt is cooking something .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food .
a cook in a chef 's apron is cooking in the kitchen .
a cook preparing food .
a chef in a chef 's shirt is making a cake .
a chef in a chef 's shirt is making a snack .
a black dog running with a white dog .
a couple is walking down the street .
a man is riding a horse in a field .
a man is riding a bike .
a man stands in front of a temple .
a man is riding a scooter .
a man in a suit is sitting on a podium .
a boy does a trick on a skateboard .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man and woman having a conversation .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a car .
a child is holding a door .
a toddler is holding onto a wall .
a small child stands in a doorway .
a man in a hat stands in front of a group of people .
a group of men in an asian country .
a boy is walking down the street .
a horse is jumping over a hurdle .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a horse on a course .
a man on top of a horse .
a person is riding a horse .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a horse jumps over an obstacle .
a person in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child looking at a camera .
a conductor is working on a train .
a man in a white shirt is selling wine and wine .
a young child sits on the grass .
a man playing a guitar .
a guy is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is painting a picture .
a man selling food for customers .
a man selling food .
a man selling food .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a plaid shirt is looking at something .
a group of people are speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are opening presents .
a man working on a piece of machinery .
a dog runs on the beach .
a man is listening to music .
two elderly people are having a conversation .
a young man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeps in the back of a vehicle .
a young man in the back of a vehicle .
a man sleeping in the back of a vehicle .
a young man sleeping on a bench .
a woman is shopping for vegetables .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of people in the background .
a black and white dog chewing on something .
a man in a white shirt is holding a hotdog .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is playing on the ground .
a man is standing on the beach looking at the sky .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a little girl in a white shirt is standing in a house .
a bike rider in front of a crowd .
a group of men are standing near a body of water .
two women playing a game of basketball .
a group of people in a race .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man is walking through a home .
a woman is walking down the street .
the little boy is playing with the ball .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
a group of people are selling items .
three people are playing with a toy .
two boys are playing on a white carpet .
two children playing with toys in a living room .
a boy and an adult are playing together .
three people are playing with toys on a couch .
a baby is playing with a toddler .
two children are playing soccer .
a little girl is playing with a toy toy .
two children are playing with toys .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting outside a building .
a boy runs across a playground .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a guy is doing a trick on his bike .
a man is fixing his bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man fixing his bicycle .
a group of people are gathered around a building .
this is a picture of this picture .
here is a picture of a city scene .
a machine is working on a machine .
a group of people are walking on a street .
a man is taking a break on his bike .
a man pushes his bike down the street .
a man is looking at his bike .
a man on a bike is lying on the road .
a man pushes his bike down the street .
a boy running on a track .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is cleaning his lawn .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a green shirt is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is using a vacuum .
a man is vacuuming his lawn .
two children are playing soccer .
a woman is listening to another woman .
a woman in a pink shirt is looking at something .
a man is standing next to a boat in the water .
a man looks away from a boat .
a man is walking on the beach .
an orange boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a man looking at the camera .
a shirtless man in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is getting his shoes done .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man is looking at something .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man is shoveling dirt .
a young man in a chef 's shirt is holding a frying pan .
two men are talking to each other on an atv .
a man is riding a train .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a young skateboarder performs a trick in the park .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a train .
a man drives a train .
a boy is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man pushing a cart down the street .
a man poses for a picture .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a stone structure .
a boy in a blue shirt is carrying something in his hand .
a child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a woman in a black jacket drinking beer .
a group of people laughing and laughing .
a man in a blue shirt is eating food .
a man reaching out of a mirror .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a man is holding a sign .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man pointing at a sign .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is pointing at a sign .
a group of young boys in a field .
a donkey is pulling a donkey .
a man with a blue stick in his mouth .
a man with dreadlocks is wearing a helmet .
a person is playing with a ball .
a man with brown hair is performing on a dock .
a group of people are riding bikes past a building .
two people are talking in front of a building .
a group of people are sitting on bicycles .
two people are sitting on a bicycle in front of a building .
two people are talking to each other .
a softball player attempts to throw the ball .
a man looking through a microscope .
a group of people are riding a boat .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
two people wait to cross the street .
a man and a woman are waiting outside .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a man and a woman at a crosswalk .
people are sitting at tables in a restaurant .
asian people eating food .
people walking down a street .
a group of friends are eating at a convention .
a woman is listening to music .
a blond girl with blond hair is playing the violin .
a blond woman is listening to music .
a girl with black hair and a coat is listening to an orchestra .
a blond girl is listening to headphones .
a man is kneeling in a hospital bed .
a man with curly curly hair is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a man with glasses is standing in a hospital .
a young adult wearing glasses and an orange shirt is sitting in a hospital .
a man in a white shirt is sitting at a hospital counter .
a young man in a red shirt and blue shorts runs down the street .
a view of the sun .
a man is working on a roof .
a black dog chases a toy in a field .
two friends are sitting on a bench .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with a canoe in the water .
a crowd of people gather around a bicycle display .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a group of people are walking around a marathon .
a crowd of people are playing around on a street .
a man kayaking in a river .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children playing tug of war .
a group of boys are performing on stage .
a cook is cooking food .
a woman in a colorful outfit runs in the middle of a sports track .
a softball player running down the field .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
a group of people in a race .
a woman in a black vest and a woman in a black vest are playing softball in a field .
two girls playing basketball .
girls playing softball .
a girl is throwing a ball while another girl runs .
two girls are playing softball .
a girl in a yellow uniform is throwing a soccer ball in the air .
a softball player trying to catch the ball .
two women are playing softball .
three women playing softball .
a group of women are walking down the street .
three people are playing a game .
three women playing softball on a field .
two men standing next to each other .
a girl is running around a baseball game .
a young girl in a pink shirt is hitting a house .
a little girl is playing baseball .
a girl in a red shirt is playing tennis .
a girl is playing baseball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and his son at the top of a cliff .
a group of people are walking on a couch .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are balancing on a wire .
two boys are walking in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a giant gun .
a man and a woman are standing on a stadium .
fans in a stadium cheering .
a group of fans are standing in a field .
fans watch a baseball game .
a crowd watches a soccer game .
a crowd of people at a sporting event .
two women are sitting around a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
several women are sitting around a table .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs run through a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a horse is carrying a horse .
a group of boys are standing by a donkey .
a young girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on a rock .
people are holding purple balloons .
a man and a woman are walking in the woods .
a man and a child are walking down the street .
people walking down a sidewalk .
a group of young women are competing in a gym .
two gymnast , one in a red shirt and the other in a white shirt , are practicing routine .
a gymnast wearing a blue and gold uniform is playing the drums .
a group of cheerleaders in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops .
a construction worker on the side of a road .
a person is jumping in the air with the sky in the background .
a man is jumping in the air .
a woman poses for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a body of water .
a man is putting meat in a bag .
a man cooking a meal .
a person is jumping in the air .
a man surfing a wave .
a man with a clown face is looking down .
a dog is flying through the air .
a bird flying through the water .
two men and a woman sitting on a bench .
a bird is flying through the water .
a bird is being held by a bird .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a brown shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing in front of a river .
a group of men are standing on a lake .
a group of people in a boat .
a man standing in front of a group of people .
a man dancing in front of a crowd .
a man is riding a pony .
a young boy is opening a present opening a present .
a person standing near a lake .
a man selling ice cream .
a little boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing with a toy .
two women walk past a building .
two boys playing basketball on a court .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down a
two women in front of a white building .
two females are sitting in front of each other .
a child is opening a present .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is drawing a picture .
a little girl with a shopping bag is holding a shopping bag .
a couple in front of a river .
a child looking at a robot .
a woman is pointing at a menu .
a young blond girl looking at a white robot on a green table .
a couple posing for a picture .
a blond boy looking at a toy .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man jumping over a wave .
a woman is standing in the rain .
a woman standing in front of graffiti .
a girl is looking down from a wall .
a woman is running down the street .
a woman in a hat is looking down .
a group of people are eating .
a guy in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three women in dresses are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a man sitting with his daughter .
a dog wearing a bandanna on his head .
a puppy jumps through the air .
a hiker climbing a mountain .
a man in a clown costume with a clown in his face .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a man in a colorful shirt is standing in a crowd .
a man playing a guitar next to a drummer .
a bald man playing a guitar .
a bald man playing a guitar .
a man is singing on a stage .
a band plays in a band .
a girl slides down a bar .
a girl in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a baseball player on a baseball field .
a girl slides down a pole .
a child is playing at a playground .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a young asian girl is playing on a red pole .
a girl is playing at a park .
two guys are having a discussion on a field in a stadium .
two men are talking at a baseball game .
a woman sliding down a pole .
two teams are talking to each other .
two men are pouring water into water .
two men are pouring water into a microscope .
two men are operating a hose .
two men working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a water hose .
two men are working together with a hose .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a blue robe and a man in a blue robe are walking with one another in a muddy pit .
a man in a blue robe and a man in a blue robe are working in the mud .
four men are doing laundry in the snow .
four men working in a muddy pit .
a man in a robe is sitting at a table .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
four men are sitting on a bench .
a small dog jumping in the air .
a hiker with a backpack is walking through the water .
two women are looking at each other .
a young person in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is swimming with a young boy .
a young boy in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a child in a blue bathing suit is smiling .
a man in a white shirt is mixing a pig .
a guy cooking meat on a grill .
a man is holding a stick over a stove .
a man cooking a pig .
a boy in red jumps into the sand .
a man drinking beer .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
construction workers are performing on a beam at night .
two women walking down the street .
a man sitting in an inflatable tube .
two women hiking in the woods .
a man with a microphone wearing a microphone .
children are sitting in a bed with books .
a man in a white shirt plays on the street .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a man is standing on the street .
two children are reading a book .
a man is holding a rope in his hand .
a man in a hat is singing on stage .
a man in a suit is driving a carriage .
two horses pull horses .
a man falling over the ocean .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
a man drives a carriage .
a dog and a dog are running through the grass .
a small boy is cutting paper with scissors .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog running in the grass .
a dog runs through the desert .
a small dog runs across the beach .
a dog runs across the sand .
a person making a funny face .
a young man in uniform playing baseball .
a group of people are walking in the snow .
a large group of people are gathered around a table .
a person is standing on a city street .
a hiker is taking a picture of a waterfall .
a hiker with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk .
a person with a backpack is standing next to rocks .
a shirtless man wearing a backpack is walking along a mountain .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a family enjoying the day at the beach .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man walking with his backpack .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with no shirt on is sitting on a bench .
a child is cutting paper .
two women inside a store .
a girl and a man are sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a race race .
a child in a blue shirt is looking at something .
three men are waiting by a concrete fence .
a child is looking at the sky .
a group of people are taking a picture .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans stands in front of a hut .
a woman climbing a mountain .
a young boy is holding a camera .
three children are having a good time .
an indian woman dressed in traditional clothing is sitting on a bench .
a woman with long red hair is sitting on a stool in front of a crowd of people .
a woman dressed in traditional native clothing is dancing .
a woman with red hair and a red shirt is playing tennis .
an indian woman in a colorful dress is sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two men are working on a project .
two girls eating ice cream cones .
two girls eating ice cream .
two people are eating food .
two women are looking at the top of a bridge .
a woman eats a meal .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people dig in the sand .
two guys dig around a tree .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are digging in the desert .
two guys are digging in the ground .
a group of people are gathered around a tree .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people working in a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is working next to a train .
a group of people jump into the air .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a man working on a roof .
a man standing in front of a small fire pit .
a dog is standing by a bush .
a man in a blue shirt is plowing the ground .
a woman is vaulting in the air .
people are standing near a bridge .
a man jumping over a creek .
a man in a white shirt is jumping over a stream .
a man jumps over a body of water .
a person in a white jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two dogs playing with a toy toy .
a group of young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing soccer .
two guys are standing next to each other .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are standing in front of a sign .
a group of men standing in a field .
two guys standing in front of a sign .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in a room .
a group of young boys are standing in a hallway .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two women wearing black dresses and white scarves .
a woman is looking at a vegetable stand .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man singing into a microphone .
a woman is sitting in the woods .
a skier on a snowy mountain .
a man is speaking to a couple of people .
four dogs are running through the grass .
three men are riding bikes .
two men and a woman are standing together .
a man and a woman are reading a book .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are reading a book .
an overweight man and a woman are reading a book on a sunny day .
three people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
two guys repairing metal lines .
three people are gathered around a fire .
three construction workers climbing a pole .
a lady is looking at fruit in a market .
a young boy is holding a rock in his hand .
construction workers doing repairs .
a couple enjoying an outdoor cafe .
a dog runs through the water .
three people are walking down the street .
two people are eating outside of a building .
a man and a woman are eating at an outdoor cafe .
a dog walks down a stream .
a young child sleeps on a couch .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man in a white shirt is preparing a meal .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is cooking in the snow .
a woman is carrying a basket on her head .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of dancers performing on stage .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down a city street .
a woman with a basket on her head .
two girls dancing in the middle of a dance .
two girls are performing on stage .
a woman in a hospital costume is performing .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a black and white dog is playing in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is running down a street .
a performer in a red shirt is standing on the street .
a woman is looking at a statue .
two dogs play in the grass .
two little brown dogs run down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand on a balance beam .
two dogs playing with a stick .
two dogs play in the snow .
two little girls are making something .
a football player holding a ball .
a man in a blue jacket is running through the snow .
a woman in a black dress is holding up a sign .
a snowboarder in a competition .
a snowboarder flies off a ramp .
a black and white security guard stands outside of a small hut .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in a crowd .
a group of people are standing near water .
two young men running on grass .
two boys are playing soccer .
a man and a woman are running .
three children are standing in a doorway .
two men , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt ,
a man and a woman are holding hands .
two children , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are playing in the sand .
a group of children are standing on top of a doorway .
two children are doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man with a beard is holding a large piece of paper .
a man in a black shirt is looking at a map .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a person looking at a sculpture .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is riding a skateboard down the street .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a man is skateboarding on a rail .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding past a graffiti covered wall .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a man is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a guy skateboarding down the street .
a man taking a picture .
a woman is sitting on the ledge of a cliff .
a snowboarder in new york new york city .
a person walking down a street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is holding a blue umbrella .
a man in a blue jacket is standing in front of a building .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two men are walking on the street .
people walking past a subway station , one man is holding an umbrella .
people walking down a street .
two men are walking in front of a subway .
a man in a blue shirt is running by a building .
a man in a blue jacket walks by a man in a blue jacket .
a man is performing at a concert .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a group of people in a race .
a hotdog vendor is taking a picture .
a woman with a bag is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is running down the street .
a man is sitting at a hot colored dog 's mouth .
a man stands at a hotdog stand .
a man selling hotdogs on a grill .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
a band plays the drums .
a man is standing next to a large hotel .
a hotel sits next to a stone wall .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on the side of a building .
two people are walking down the street .
a hotel sits in front of a building .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
two men working in a office office .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of people are working on computers .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing frisbee .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
two people are swimming in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a white uniform , are fighting in a ring .
two men talking to each other .
two boxers fighting .
two dogs running in the water .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two dogs running in the ocean .
a man is swimming in the water .
a girl in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a man in a blue shirt dribbles a ball .
a man is cutting a piece of metal .
people are holding a hose .
two dogs running in shallow water .
a bird looking at a bird .
a group of people dancing .
four people are running in a marathon .
a group of people dancing .
a duck walks along the rocks .
a group of people are riding their arms .
a baby and a child are sitting on a rock .
people riding motorcycles on motorcycles .
a person is walking down the street .
a biker in a red shirt is riding a bike .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are running in the streets .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
bikers are riding on a dirt road .
a car drives down the road .
a group of people are watching a race car .
a group of men are standing next to a tree .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun while another man watches .
a girl in a pink shirt is watching a little girl .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are standing in front of a building .
two men playing a video game .
two people are playing video games .
two guys playing a game of chess .
two men are playing a video video game .
a man in a blue shirt playing a video game .
two children are playing in the water .
a woman is holding balloons .
five african women having a conversation .
a female singer is singing into a microphone .
a woman in a red coat is standing in a store .
a woman walking away from a group of people .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two women in dresses are sitting against a wall .
a lady is holding a purse .
a child pulling a broom on a farm .
a group of people are standing near a fountain .
a man hitting a keyboard on a keyboard .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is running down the street .
a man singing into a microphone .
the little boy is playing on the slide .
a dog swims in the water .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a city street .
a man standing in the street .
a man in a black shirt is standing in the road .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a camera while holding a camera .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a doll .
a priest is standing on a street .
a young boy is holding a baby .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on a sidewalk .
a boy in blue is holding a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a small alligator .
a young boy is holding a toy .
a boy in a red shirt is sitting on a stool .
two dogs playing with a red ball .
an indian woman is working on a piece of equipment at a festival .
two dogs play in the grass .
two little brown dogs are carrying a red ball in the grass .
an elderly woman is sewing on a loom .
a biker rides his bike through the mud .
firefighters fighting in front of a hose .
children are sitting on a park bench .
a man working on a project .
a woman is talking to a child .
an adult is sitting on a bench .
a guy sitting at a desk at a desk .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a young boy .
a man shooting a gun .
a group of people are picking up metal .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a black and white dog chewing a ball .
a dog is playing with a red ball .
a dog plays with a toy toy .
a black dog is playing with a stick .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt and black pants stands in front of a microphone .
a group of people are watching a bicycle .
a baseball player in a red uniform is trying to block a shot .
a crowd of people are walking down a street .
a girl is using a shoe on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is drawing barefoot .
a girl in shorts is sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is holding something in her hand .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people on a bus .
a child runs down a bridge .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two dogs run in the grass .
a child running in a city .
a child runs down the side of a street .
a child is running in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
a black dog is leaving a yellow tube .
a man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman is lying on the ground on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
two young boys are sitting on a bench .
two boys talking to each other .
two children are sitting on a fountain .
two children are talking .
a woman is standing outside of a building with a man in a white shirt .
a woman in a colorful shirt is sitting down .
a man in a white apron is cooking .
a girl is riding a sled on a sled .
a man in a jacket is driving a vehicle on a sled .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in front of a store .
a group of people shopping at a market .
a woman is working in a kitchen .
people shopping for customers .
a baby holding a toy .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a person in a blue helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a man is driving a car .
a group of people working on food .
two construction workers smile .
a man and a woman are working together .
two postal workers are smiling .
two postal workers working together .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two postal workers smile at the camera .
two postal workers are smiling .
a man is walking along the beach .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt holding a sign .
a man is holding a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is flying over snow .
three girls are sitting in a living room .
a person jumping in the air with a balloon .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a group of young people are holding hands .
four children are reading a book .
a group of people looking at something .
four children are looking at something .
children looking through microscopes .
four children are looking at magazines .
children playing with magazines .
four children are looking through binoculars .
a view of the mountains .
two women are laughing and laughing .
a cameraman is working at a sports event .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing on a field .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a cameraman takes a photo .
a group of men are digging on a sand dune .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a skier is skiing .
a group of men in hard hats are washing a staircase .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a man and a woman are working at a construction site .
a group of workers are cleaning the floor .
a man in a red shirt is walking down a hill .
a large group of workers are standing in a parking lot .
a little girl in a pink shirt is eating a burrito .
a little girl is taking a bite .
a little girl eating a meal .
the little girl is eating .
a group of people are cleaning the floor .
a group of people are washing their heads .
a toddler eats a burrito .
a woman in a gray shirt and gray pants is walking down the sidewalk .
two children are running in a field .
a boy and a girl play on the beach .
two children are running on the beach .
a group of children running by the shore .
kids playing with water .
a group of people racing in a race .
a group of people in a race race .
two children are playing a sack race .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a group of runners are running down the street .
a man is riding a bucking bronco .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a person is falling off a horse .
a person is riding a horse .
a jockey in a cowboy hat is riding a horse on a bucking bronco in a rodeo .
a cowboy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat riding a bucking horse .
a person in a white shirt is riding a horse .
a group of men playing instruments .
a man is using a power tool .
a man working on a project .
a man in blue pants and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people are walking in the desert .
two men working on a scaffold .
a man is playing a guitar .
three construction workers in blue shirts cleaning windows .
a group of people are holding instruments .
a child playing in the snow .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog is chasing a man .
a dog is on a leash .
a small dog is on a leash .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
two children walk down the street .
a boy and girl are walking in the snow .
two children , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are sitting in a
a child carrying a red sled .
children are sledding down a snowy hill .
a group of people are sitting on a boat .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a pier .
four people standing on a dock .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a baseball player falls to the ground .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman smiles in a red tent .
a hiker with a backpack looks out into the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man looking out of a tent in the snow .
a child in a swimsuit splashing in water .
a child jumps into a pool .
a child playing in a pool .
a man is riding a bike .
a girl is swimming in a pool .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench .
a bird in the grass .
a woman is working at a desk .
a little girl holding a cigarette .
a girl is holding a cigarette .
a girl is holding a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a woman in a blue shirt is showing her chest .
a woman working at a desk at a desk .
people working in an office .
a man is sitting on a computer .
two people having a conversation .
a woman talking to another woman .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a woman talking to another woman .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting on a couch .
a woman with a scarf on her face .
a woman with brown hair is sitting in front of her head .
a lady in a floral dress is standing in front of a store .
a man with a scooter is riding a scooter .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy is riding a scooter .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing outside of a building .
a boy is riding a scooter .
a woman in a white dress is sitting in a chair .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are driving over a john deere truck .
a child is looking at something .
a group of dogs play in the snow .
three dogs are playing in the grass .
three dogs are biting each other .
three dogs are standing next to each other .
a brown dog is holding something in its mouth while another dog watches .
a group of dogs are standing in a field .
a group of dogs chase each other .
three dogs chase each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs chase each other .
three dogs are running .
a child in a white shirt is using a microscope .
a man is walking down the street .
a person is standing next to a vehicle .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with tattoos on his head is holding a microphone .
two men are playing volleyball .
two men are walking down the street .
a volleyball player in a red and white uniform is playing volleyball .
a volleyball player hitting the ball .
a volleyball player on a beach volleyball game .
a man is playing with a ball .
a volleyball player in a white shirt is playing volleyball .
a child is riding a scooter .
a woman walking through a crowd of people .
a man in a blue shirt does gymnastics on a balance beam .
a man is fishing .
a child rides a vehicle on a dirt road .
a man pushing a cart on the sidewalk .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a skateboarder does a trick in the park .
a woman is carrying a bouquet of flowers .
a man is riding a bucking horse .
a child in a white shirt is standing in front of a theater .
a group of people walking down the street .
a bird is flying through the water .
a large group of people are gathered in a religious building .
a group of children are crying .
a group of people at a church .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people hanging out in a room .
a dj performs at a club .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs play in the snow .
a choir sings into a microphone .
a bride and groom are hugging .
a person climbing a rock wall .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman rock climbing .
three people are taking a picture .
a rock climber scales a rock face .
a group of people paint on a wall .
a woman is sitting on a balcony on a balcony .
a woman in a scarf is sitting in a chair .
an old man and a woman enjoying a sunny day .
a woman in a scarf sits in front of a white rail .
a woman is standing behind a railing .
a group of people working outside a building .
a man standing next to two women .
a group of people are playing tennis .
two men are working on a project .
a man jumping over a pole .
two basketball players fighting .
a group of girls are studying in a classroom .
an adult is talking to a child .
a group of girls are sitting on a couch .
two girls are reading a book .
a group of people looking at each other .
a group of women are sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a golfer gets ready to hit his golf ball .
a man in a white shirt is playing golf on a field .
two people walk down a city sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a golf ball .
a group of people working on the ground .
a group of people working in front of a building .
a group of people are looking at the ground .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are working on a sunny day .
two men are working on a roof .
a bull rider gets ready to throw a bull .
a woman in a blue leotard is dancing .
a man with a camera is holding a camera .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sitting on a curb with his camera .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an old man with a camera is holding a camera .
a man is holding a camera .
a man is sitting on the curb holding a cellphone .
a scuba diver in the water .
a man is holding a camera .
a man in a karate uniform jumps through the air .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a martial artist is jumping in midair .
a man in a uniform jumps through the air .
a man in a uniform is standing in front of a microphone .
a young boy is jumping in the air under a tree .
a person is jumping in the air .
two boys are standing in front of a building .
a group of people walking down the street .
four girls are looking at a book .
two men are riding on a motorcycle .
a dog catches a baseball .
a black dog looks at a ball .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is standing on his back to catch a soccer ball .
a person is looking out of a cave .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a bed .
a person in a colorful dress is looking out from a monument .
a person in a green shirt is walking down the street .
two men talking to each other .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a black and white dog is playing with a red ball .
a woman is standing on a green mat .
two women are running down the street .
a group of women in a yoga class .
a man reading a computer .
a guy is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is looking at a computer monitor .
a man sitting in front of a computer computer .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing cards .
a woman is riding a bike .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a person is jumping in the air .
a man is drinking beer while talking on the phone .
a man is talking on a cellphone while drinking beer .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three men are sitting on a bench talking .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
an elderly man is sitting on a stack of wood .
a man sits on the side of a building .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child are riding a ride .
two people in a park .
people working in a kitchen .
two young girls are playing basketball .
a group of young girls playing soccer .
two girls are playing basketball .
several people at a train station .
a man and his son are sitting on a bench .
a boy in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
two girls playing basketball on a basketball court .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a boy sitting on his dad 's shoulders .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are playing with a dog .
a boy and his father are sitting on the ground .
a boy sitting on his dad 's shoulders .
a father and son walk in the grass .
two children are playing with toy toys .
a female basketball player on the basketball court .
a young girl is playing basketball .
a young girl is playing a basketball game .
a man and a woman are standing on a basketball court .
a young female basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a man talks to a man in a suit .
a young girl with a rope in her mouth .
a man is cutting a plant .
people walking by a sign .
young girls look at a book .
a group of people stand on a beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people standing on a beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing on the beach .
a family enjoying the beach .
a family enjoying the beach .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a family enjoying the beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a pink dress holding a bottle of water .
a woman in a white shirt is carrying something .
a person carrying flowers in a bucket .
a roller skater in a roller derby helmet is skating .
a man and a woman dressed in costumes .
two little kids are playing with a war .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a group of asian people stand in front of a cardboard box .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is using a laptop .
a street vendor selling food .
a bird sits in the grass .
a man and a woman in a grocery store .
a man in a red shirt stands on a sidewalk .
a man is selling food on a tripod .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a man .
two young girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a chef is cooking in the kitchen .
a man in a red coat is holding a torch .
a group of people are watching a band in a band .
two women are drinking coffee .
a group of children playing in a house .
a woman is looking off into the distance at an outdoor cafe .
an old man holding a camera .
a group of four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is looking at a camera .
an old man and a woman are talking on a cellphone .
a man is selling bread .
a woman walking in the city .
a woman walking through the streets of a large crowd .
two women sit at an outdoor cafe .
a band is performing at a concert .
a person in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a man is sitting on the ground looking at the camera .
a man looking at the side of a building .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
a young child is pushing a suitcase .
people are walking through a market .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a store .
a singer is performing on stage .
a toddler is sitting in a chair .
a toddler is lying down on a blanket .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
three dogs are running in the snow .
a group of cars on a street corner .
a baseball player prepares to throw a pitch .
a man is looking at something .
a woman is directing traffic .
a man running in a race .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
two women wearing white t shirts are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man working at a fish market .
a police officer standing on the street .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man is smiling at the camera .
a man in a black shirt is smiling and smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is wearing glasses .
a man in a blue shirt is using a piece of cloth .
a man in a red shirt is sitting at a laundromat .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a little girl is playing with her dog .
a woman is running in a race .
a man shooting a gun .
a man with a rifle in his mouth .
a man is sitting on a stove in a kitchen .
a man is riding a train car .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing outside of a car .
a woman is trying to get into a car .
a woman is trying to get into a car at night .
a woman is getting ready to throw a car .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the music .
a white haired man in a white shirt looks at pictures .
two young children are holding their balloons .
a lady is giving a group of children .
two children are holding balloons .
two children are holding balloons .
a woman stands by a group of children .
a little boy and girl are holding balloons .
a woman is standing with a group of children .
a woman is holding balloons .
a girl is sitting on the beach near the ocean .
people riding motorcycles on motorcycles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
people riding motorcycles on motorcycles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people riding motorcycles down a narrow street .
a group of people are riding on motorcycles .
two motorcycle riders are on motorcycles .
a group of people watch an accident .
a middle aged man is crossing the street with two boys .
a little boy is playing in the sand .
a child is playing in the sand .
a group of people walking down the street .
a race car is being driven by spectators .
people are watching a car race .
a car is racing up a road .
two women are hugging each other .
a baby is crying .
a group of cars on a racetrack .
a man is running on a track .
four people are sitting on a black and white basketball team .
two cars in a race .
cars racing around a track .
cars racing around a track .
two cars racing down the street .
a group of people are competing in a race .
cars racing on a track .
a bird is on rocks .
people sitting in a subway train .
a group of football players in gold uniforms stand around a man in a white shirt .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a football player in a blue uniform is being held by a group of football players .
a shirtless man is helping a house .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a shirtless man with tattoos on his head .
a vendor is walking down the street .
a man is bending over over a bucket .
cars are driving down a street .
a man in a black t shirt is performing a trick in the air .
a gymnast is performing a trick in front of a crowd .
a young female gymnast wearing a white shirt and black pants is performing a dance .
a woman is waiting for her race .
an athlete is waiting for her race .
a man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman wearing sunglasses .
a group of people sitting at a bus stop .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting in front of a window .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a window .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs run in a race .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a boy is sitting on the ground on the ground .
two men carry a trash bag .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a gymnast is balancing on a balance beam .
a child is throwing a child into the air .
a man is throwing a child into the air .
a woman shaking a man 's hand .
a gymnast wearing a green shirt and black pants is jumping in the air .
a man in a suit on a train .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a rock .
a man crawls down a street .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are riding a horse .
a man is running in a race .
a man is sleeping in a race .
a child wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is wearing sunglasses .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are working together .
a woman is standing in the sand at the beach .
a woman is jumping in the air .
two dogs are playing with each other .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue pants is eating lunch at a table .
a lady is eating a meal .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a group of people in the air in the air .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a hot air balloon filled with balloons .
a crowd of people are standing around a hot air balloon .
a woman with long hair is holding a long blond hair .
a boy leans on a table on a table .
a child is sitting on a tire tire .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy is running in a race .
two people kayaking in the water .
a woman in a white shirt is applying hair .
a young girl is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is fixing her hair .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl is getting her hair done .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
two women talking with each other .
a person poses with arms outstretched .
a female gymnast poses for a picture .
a gymnast is doing a handstand on a balance beam .
a woman poses on a mat in a crowd .
a man walks down some steps .
a woman in a black leotard poses for a flip .
a baseball player tries to catch a baseball .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
a baseball player is about to hit the ball .
a soccer player runs towards the ball .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a woman with blond hair and a white shirt is getting her haircut .
a woman in a black shirt is dancing in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people dancing .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl is swinging on a swing .
a man driving a large yellow tractor .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a child is playing with a toy .
a group of people in the sky .
a group of children hold up a bell .
a group of people in the sky .
a group of five people are jumping in a field .
a woman is standing next to a little kid .
a group of people in the snow .
a child is smiling at the camera .
a group of men are standing on a field .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the ground .
a man sitting in a large vehicle .
two men competing in a race .
two girls are standing by a body of water .
two men talking to each other .
a man is playing a guitar .
a city worker is inspecting the street .
a girl is sitting on a bed .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is working on a project .
a man in front of a bulldozer .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a snowboarder going down a hill .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a person in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt doing a jump on a snowboard .
a person in a blue shirt is walking in the snow .
a man is standing on a snowy mountain .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a family is playing on the beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a family is playing in the beach .
a man in a white shirt is digging with rocks .
two men are sitting on a bench .
people in front of a building .
a group of musicians playing music on a sunny day .
two men relaxing in the water .
a man in black is holding a sign .
a group of men are playing tug of war .
a group of men are playing tug of war while another man watches .
two asian men are sitting on a bench .
a man dressed in native garb is playing tug of war .
people are playing tug of war .
a group of people in red shirts are walking down a street .
two men are holding a rope .
two guys relaxing in a sauna .
a man is jumping in the air .
three girls on a balance beam .
two girls performing on balance beams .
three young girls practicing on balance beams .
girls performing gymnastics routine .
three girls are standing on balance beams .
three girls on balance beams .
two girls in a gym .
three women are competing in a race .
two girls with their hands on their toes .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of people in a stadium .
a person is playing in the water .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a group of people are having fun .
a man playing a guitar .
a black and white dog is on a leash .
a small dog with a harness in its mouth .
a dog looks at the camera .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a man is smoking a cigarette standing in a pool .
a black and white dog is hanging out of the stairs .
a black and white dog with a toy in its mouth .
a man sitting in a wheelchair .
a dog is hiding in the grass .
a group of people are looking at some boards .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are playing a video game .
a group of people standing in a subway station .
a woman throwing a red frisbee at a dog show .
a man is doing a skateboard wheel .
a woman throwing a frisbee .
a man working with tools .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is using a tool .
a man is fixing a wheel wheel .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a tool .
a man in a blue shirt is using a tool .
a man is using a power tool .
a man in a blue shirt is using a tool .
a man is working on a project .
a baby is sleeping in a baby bed .
a boat in the water .
two skateboarders are performing on a street .
a line of people waiting for a bus .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt plays an instrument .
three women dancing on stage .
a boat in the water .
girls on stage on stage .
two women talking to each other .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a group of people sitting at a table with glasses .
two women sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people at a party .
a group of dancers are performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt is praying .
a man is holding a camera .
four bald men in white robes stand in front of their hands .
a black and white dog is standing near a stream .
a man is shaking hands with a banjo .
a person is kicking a soccer ball .
three men are standing in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt is mowing the grass .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a group of people are gathered in front of a building .
an asian chef is standing next to an atm machine .
a group of people in a classroom .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people in a nightclub .
a lady is working on a project .
two dogs are running on the grass .
a young lady is taking a picture .
a woman is holding a white dog .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down a street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is holding a dog on the road .
two dogs stand near the water .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a fan .
a group of people are holding signs .
a young woman looking at her cellphone .
a dark haired woman is looking at her cellphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a girl is looking at her phone .
an asian man is performing on stage .
a woman in a coat talking on a cellphone .
a man in a pink blazer is singing into a microphone .
a singer in a red suit singing at an event .
a group of people walk down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a town square at night .
a group of people walk down the street .
a group of people walking down the sidewalk .
two men fighting with guns .
a group of people are looking at plants .
a woman with her hands in her hands .
a group of children in a garden .
two children are playing in the snow .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a pool .
a woman holding a baby .
a boy on a diving board .
people playing basketball in an arena .
two people are walking down the street .
two men walking down the street .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are wrestling .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a blue bench next to a blue wall .
a city view of a city .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a naked little girl is sitting on a rock .
a little girl is jumping into the water .
a little girl is playing in the mud .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a teenager is trying to hit a baseball .
two girls in front of a body of water .
a young girl is playing softball .
a baseball player in a red and white uniform is standing at a plate .
two girls looking at the water .
a girl looking at the water .
two girls are sitting on a couch .
two girls are looking at the water .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two girls are looking at the water .
two people are standing near a river .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
two people looking at a light exhibit .
a man and a woman are praying at the camera .
two people looking at pictures .
two people are studying a piece of art .
two people are looking at something .
a group of people are looking at the camera .
a man is looking at something .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
students in a classroom taking notes .
a group of students on a college campus .
a chef with brown hair and glasses is standing in front of a stove .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a closeup of a black haired man in a black shirt is hitting a ball .
a man standing in front of a grill .
a person standing behind a fence .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man in a blue shirt is shoveling the street .
a man in a blue shirt is shoveling the street .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man is working on a roof .
people in an airport .
three people in an airport airport .
a group of people walking down the street .
people waiting to cross the street .
three people are standing at an airport .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground next to a man in a blue shirt and black pants with a bag on it .
a group of people in a building .
three people in an airport airport .
a group of children dressed in black and black outfits are standing in a circle .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a stone bench .
workers cleaning up a window .
a man in a blue shirt is teaching a class .
a soccer team is playing soccer .
a father holds a young child on a tree branch .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two women wrestling in a match .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women in a ring .
two women wrestling in a crowd .
two girls , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are
a large group of people are fighting in a field .
people waiting for their luggage at the airport .
a kid rides a skateboard on a sunny day .
young boys playing soccer .
a man is playing a musical instrument outside .
a group of people playing in the water .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is standing next to a beach .
a street performer stands by the beach .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
a man on stilts is standing on the street .
a man breakdancing on the boardwalk .
a man in a white shirt is playing a tuba outside .
a street performer is playing the bagpipes .
a man in a black shirt is playing the trombone .
a street musician plays music in front of a mural .
a musician on stilts is playing the drums .
a musician performs on a street .
a man is playing an instrument .
a street musician is standing on stilts .
a man selling goods on the street .
an asian man is sleeping on a bench .
an asian man is sitting on the subway .
an asian man sleeps on a subway .
a man is sleeping on a subway .
an asian man sleeps on a subway .
a man is sitting in the middle of a street .
a group of people eating a meal .
a man is eating a meal outside .
a group of people are eating food .
two people eating a meal .
three women wearing roller derby attire are rollerskating .
two women skating in a skate park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three runners are racing on a track .
a man in a white shirt is holding a megaphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are pulling ropes .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a man in a red shirt is standing in a car .
a police officer is standing in front of a crowd .
police officers on a street .
a man in a black jacket and tan pants is wearing a black jacket .
a man in a black shirt is giving a speech .
a fire in a fire .
a group of people gather around a fire pit .
firefighters planting a building .
three guys are looking through a fence .
firemen fighting in a fire .
four african children are standing in a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are sitting in the dirt .
african american children writing on stones .
fishermen fishing on a boat .
a class of students in a classroom .
a woman is kneeling on a bench .
four men are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog plays with a tire .
a brown dog has a tire in its mouth .
a brown dog chewing on a toy .
a dog holding a tire .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a quarterback is standing on a football field .
a football player in a red and white uniform is running towards the crowd .
a football player in a red and white uniform is playing football .
a football player in a red jersey is attempting to hit the ball .
a group of people playing soccer .
two boys selling produce .
two children are at an outdoor food market .
a boy in a red shirt walks by a man with a red shirt .
a boy selling vegetables .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a young man is walking down the street .
a little girl is holding a doll .
a girl is playing with a doll .
a girl playing with a toy toy .
a little girl is playing with a dollhouse .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
people eating in a restaurant .
a couple dancing in front of a couple .
people at a wedding party .
people sitting at tables at tables .
students in a science class .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a group of children .
two men are looking at microscopes .
a child in a blue shirt is looking through a microscope .
two women talking .
a group of people are looking at an elephant .
a group of people walking across a snowy field .
a group of people on the field of ice .
two women are sitting in a room .
a young girl is looking at something .
two boys are sitting on a raft .
a brown dog jumping in the air to catch a basketball .
a dog jumps at a basketball court .
a man is holding a microphone in a building .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a woman walking in the rain .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a girl in a green shirt is sitting in the grass .
a woman in a white shirt is cleaning dishes .
a soccer player kicks the ball .
a lady in a blue bathing suit is blowing bubbles .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking in the snow .
a child playing with a toy toy .
skiers going down a mountain .
a young boy works on his motorcycle .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a construction worker is sweeping up trash .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a lake .
a man in a hard hat is riding a motorcycle .
a boxer in a white uniform is fighting .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a black and white dog jumps into the pool .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of palm trees .
a person is riding a bike .
a person is running in a race .
two dogs are walking in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a lady walking down the street .
two dogs are on a leash .
two dogs are walking in the snow .
a dog looks at a swimming pool .
people diving in a pool .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people taking a picture .
tourists walk down the street .
people taking pictures of a white vehicle .
swimmers swim underwater .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a man is laying on top of a man on top of a man in a green shirt .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is sitting on the grass .
two artists are performing surgery .
a girl is riding a bike .
a group of boys at a fair .
a man in a blue uniform is singing into a microphone .
two dogs race on a track .
a woman is walking with children .
two dogs racing in a race .
four dogs racing on a track .
a family sits in a public area .
a man with a beard holding a cardboard box .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman are looking off to the left .
a man in a pink polo shirt is sitting in a chair .
five people in the living room .
several people are talking outside of a building .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a woman and daughter shopping at a grocery store .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of men are listening to music .
a group of people having a conversation .
two young boys , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are in the middle of a building .
a man walks down the street .
four elderly men are playing cards in the street .
an older gentleman is smoking a cigarette .
people standing in the ocean .
a man pointing at something .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is trying to find a customer in a shop .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman are having a good time .
a man is mowing a lawn mower .
two women dancing on a street .
a group of women in a forest .
a group of women are learning how to dance .
two women are walking down the street .
a baby is laying on a rug .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
two people are playing in the snow .
a man in a green t shirt is skateboarding past a wall with graffiti on it .
a skateboarder wearing a green shirt is skateboarding in front of graffiti .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a skateboarder does a trick on a stone wall .
a man skateboarding at a skate park .
a police officer rides a bike .
a man is performing a handstand on a stage .
a man is giving directions .
two men having a conversation .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a crowd .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man playing tennis .
a little girl is playing in hay .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of hikers are climbing up stairs .
a group of hikers are hiking in the woods .
a man in a blue shirt is listening to music .
a man in a blue shirt is plowing concrete .
a man in a blue shirt is plowing a concrete block .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a large torch .
a man is working on a project .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a flight of stairs in the woods .
a group of people are walking down the street .
pedestrians walk down the street with trees in the background .
a young boy leans over a car .
a young boy is standing outside of a building .
a little boy is standing next to a car .
a guy standing in front of a car .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a man eating food .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing glasses and a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person eating a meal .
a girl swings on a swing .
a dog runs through the snow .
a little girl swinging on a swing .
a young girl laughing .
a black and white dog with a red hat .
a young girl in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a group of friends posing for a picture .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman are riding a bike .
a group of people in a park .
a woman standing on a bike .
a man and a woman in a park .
a small child in a white shirt and purple shorts is holding hands .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a pillar .
a woman is taking pictures .
a female photographer takes a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman in a pink shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a child is standing on a post .
a woman is taking a picture .
a girl in a blue sweatshirt is sitting in a stroller .
a woman with red hair is holding a camera .
a group of women are running in a circle .
a group of people are standing in a crowd .
a group of young people are performing on a stage .
a group of children sing into microphones .
teenagers performing on stage .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man playing the drums .
two women shopping for groceries .
two girls in bathing suits smiling .
a child is playing with a toy yo yo .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an old man with white hair and a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
an elderly man is taking a nap on a bench .
people looking at something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people looking at something .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
a black dog jumping over a pole .
a group of dogs chase a toy .
a man is sitting at a desk in front of a desk .
a man looking at something .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
two dogs run across a grassy field .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man sitting at a table at a table .
two dogs run on a field .
two dogs are running in the snow .
two dogs running in a field .
a man sitting at a table eating food .
a group of men and women walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar while others watch .
a group of people listening to music .
an old man playing a guitar at a park .
four people sit on a park bench .
four people are listening to music .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man plays a guitar at a park .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is riding a surfboard on the beach .
a group of pigeons gather around a fountain .
a person walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
people shopping for customers .
a woman is holding flowers .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is shopping for the camera .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a cowboy wearing a hat is riding a horse .
two men are riding a bucking bronco .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
several men are standing in front of a bull .
a lady in a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a black and white dog is playing with a white dog .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a puppy running in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is playing a saxophone .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man standing by a yellow and white fire .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt playing the drums .
a young man is playing a card game .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is playing a card game .
a man in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is playing a basketball .
a man in a white shirt is playing a basketball .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a crowd gathers at a skate park .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a kid jumps with a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a young boy in a blue shirt is watching a child .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman in a red shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a group of men in a ceremony .
a group of men hold hands in the air .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are raising their hands .
a group of men are standing next to each other .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a girl jumping into a pool .
there are pigeons in the background .
a man in a white shirt is standing under a tent .
a man is sitting on a bench in a park .
a man in a blue shirt is crouching on a bench .
a dog walks through water .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two tourists looking at something .
a group of people in a field .
a woman in black stands in front of a gray sky .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in black is standing in front of a dark building .
the sky is clear .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a dog runs through the snow .
two girls are having fun and laughing .
two young boys with a shopping cart .
a child is trying to get off his head .
two men are playing a guitar and singing .
a boy is holding a shopping cart .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs playing tug of war .
people standing on stairs .
people climbing stairs .
a man is drawing pictures on the sidewalk .
a group of people are climbing a metal tower .
a group of people walking up a bridge .
a man in a white shirt is working on an escalator .
a lady in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are playing instruments .
three men posing for a picture .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a group of people playing music .
people riding horses .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
four men working on a computer .
two men working on a project .
four men , one in a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt and the other in a white shirt , are on tile tile floor .
four men are working together .
two artists painting .
two girls are laughing and looking away .
a dog jumps over an obstacle .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a mountain biker rides a mountain .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .
a young boy does tricks on a skateboard .
a busy city street .
a man and a woman are riding a vehicle .
two people are riding bikes .
a group of people are walking on a dirt trail .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bus .
a woman in a black shirt rides a bike on a busy street .
a man and a woman walk down a path .
a woman is riding a bike .
a group of people riding on a bus .
a man in a white shirt is giving a speech .
two jockeys competing in a race .
two people dancing in the street .
a team of people pose for a picture .
a group of people walking in a parade .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of people at an event .
a band performs on stage .
a toddler with a beard is standing outside of a building .
a bicyclist rides through a wooded area .
a band plays in front of a crowd .
a band is playing music .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is looking off into the distance .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of people at a party .
people standing at a bar at a bar .
a group of people celebrating a birthday .
a group of people sitting in a room .
a woman in a white shirt is standing at a party .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a man in a red shirt is riding a mountain .
a child in a costume with a clown in the background .
a person is running down a mountain .
a person jogging down a hill .
a man is running on a dirt track .
a man running in a race .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a dog runs through snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
three men are sitting on a boat .
a young man is doing a handstand on a beach .
a person is walking on the beach .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing on the beach .
two boys are riding a skateboard .
a woman in a blue jacket is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs are running in the snow .
a boy in a colorful outfit hiking through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person is standing on a snowy ledge .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man standing outside of a building .
a man standing outside of a building .
a man standing outside of a building .
an old man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a plaid jacket smiles for a picture .
a man is posing for a picture .
a toddler on top of a snow covered hill .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a suit is fixing a computer .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
a child is playing on a snowy hill .
a skier skiing down a hill .
a skier wearing a red shirt is standing on the snow .
a man in a dark blue shirt is standing in a doorway .
a person skiing on skis .
a man sitting with a sign behind him .
three men playing instruments .
a group of people gathered around a table .
young people pose for a picture .
a man in a cart with a cart .
two men sawing wood .
a cart full of people in the street .
two men working on a project .
two men are sawing a log .
people jumping on a beach .
a group of girls on a field .
a man in a baseball cap is throwing a pitch .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are walking down a street .
two women are running .
two women are running in a field .
two women are running around a track .
two girls are running in a field .
a man and a woman are competing in a blue martial arts match .
a man is using a laptop laptop .
three men wearing karate gear are fighting .
two men are competing in a race .
two boys are jumping in the air .
two cheerleaders are performing on stage .
a group of girls dressed in red and white uniforms are playing football .
two cheerleaders in jeans are cheering .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two cheerleaders , one dressed in black and one in black ,
a dog in the ocean .
a man is doing a handstand on his stomach .
a group of men are camping in a park .
two women walking down the street .
two ladies are sitting on a bench .
a man is shoveling snow .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is practicing karate .
a young child is watching a game .
a young girl is playing a game of basketball .
a bird is on rocks .
a man in a white shirt is presenting a piece of paper .
a man and a woman dancing on a stage .
a group of people dancing .
a woman is getting ready to take a picture .
a person in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a group of men at a street fair .
several people are pushing scooters down a street .
two men are working on a cement block .
construction workers wearing reflective jackets and hard hats are standing on a road .
a dog swims in the water .
a child looks out of a wooden structure .
a child is looking at a camera .
a child is in a cave .
a child is sitting on a wooden structure .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a museum .
a woman is working on a machine .
people on a rock .
a small child is trying to sell a chicken with a spoon .
a man is walking down the street .
an elderly man walks down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
an indian man wearing a turban walks down a sidewalk .
an old man is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture .
a group of women walk by a street .
a woman and a man are kissing through the woods .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is eating food .
two people are walking down the street .
a little girl in a black shirt is watching a creek .
people on the side of a road .
a football player is looking at the ball .
a football player is looking at the ball .
a group of soccer players are standing in a soccer field .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of athletes are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a football player is trying to get the ball .
a group of people standing around a table .
people standing on a cement wall .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people at a mall .
a man working with a metal hammer .
a baseball player catches a ball .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a folding chair with his legs crossed .
a woman stands in front of a building .
a man is walking in the water .
a bearded man plays a guitar .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans plays guitar on a leash .
a man with a beard plays a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man with long hair playing the piano .
construction workers taking a break .
a group of people on a train .
a blond boy is sitting in a stroller .
two men are playing in the sand .
three construction workers in a city .
construction workers sitting on a bench .
a snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill .
a man eating a drink .
a lady is walking in a park .
a man reading a book .
a group of people are eating .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man looking into the distance .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a bicyclist performs a trick on a bicycle .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man with glasses is driving a car .
a man in a red shirt is standing in a car .
a market in the rain .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking down a crowded street .
a man with a hat is selling vegetables .
people are selling flowers in a market .
a man is selling flowers .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a musician is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is showing a presentation on a stage .
a man is walking over a fire in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is playing a guitar .
a wakeboarder is in the water .
a person is hanging upside down on a snowboard .
a man falling into the water .
a man in a blue shirt is jet ski .
two women wearing hats and carrying shopping bags .
two people are cleaning the windows of a building .
a girl in a blue bathing suit is swimming in the water .
a little girl is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man is driving a motorcycle .
a girl in a pink dress is standing in a puddle .
a child swimming in water .
two people are running down the street .
a man driving his car .
two women are standing near a body of water .
two people are standing near the ocean .
two people running in the sand .
a boy in swim trunks smiles at a table .
a group of protesters are gathered around a building .
a group of people running down the street .
a man is taking a photo .
a dark haired man in blue jeans and a blue polo shirt is standing in front of a man in blue jeans and a blue polo shirt .
a lady in a classroom is sitting in a classroom .
a woman is opening a present .
a blond woman is opening a present .
a group of women are gathered around a table .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a camera .
a group of women are watching a gift .
a man opening a present .
a woman opening a present .
a woman with a gift wrapped around her face .
a woman is opening a present .
a woman in a blue shirt is opening a present .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding a camera .
a girl in a white shirt is performing a dance in a studio .
a woman wearing a scarf is standing in front of a store .
a woman is working on a stage .
a girl is playing the violin .
a group of friends celebrating .
a person laying down on a bench .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are demonstrating green vegetables .
several asian people are shopping at an outdoor market .
a dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is walking past a club .
a man in a white polo shirt and blue jeans is playing a game .
a man in a blue apron and a woman with blue gloves are putting something in a container .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
an asian man speaks to a group of people .
a man giving a speech .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man giving a speech .
a man giving a speech .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway .
a blond boy is crying .
a little boy is standing on top of a cliff .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing a game .
an old man and a woman are working on a train .
a student is lying down on the floor .
an old man with a hat is sitting on top of a chair .
an old woman with an old woman standing next to her .
a woman pushing a cart down a street .
a man is working on a project .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is trying to lift a piece of paper .
a man is working on a project .
two dogs in a field .
a woman pushing a wheelbarrow .
two dogs in a field .
two dogs are standing in a field .
a girl is lying on a wall .
a man and a woman standing outside of a restaurant .
a person standing next to a door .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a building .
two people are looking at something .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a baby and a baby with a baby .
a man is jumping in the air .
a group of people are playing soccer at a soccer game .
a man drinking coffee .
a couple having a conversation .
a kid in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing at a sporting event .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a little boy is holding an object .
a group of people are walking down the street .
the sun shining on the sun .
the sun shining on the sun .
a large white tent filled with trees .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans stands in front of a brick wall .
a man is running in a race .
a man is jumping towards a man in a hat .
a man and a woman are practicing karate .
two men are fighting .
children playing in a park .
children are swinging on a swing .
two children are playing in the snow .
two men are walking down the street .
a little girl with a camera and a camera in the background .
a little girl is holding a camera .
a young girl in a pink shirt is holding a camera .
a young girl holding a camera .
a girl holding a camera .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding a hammer .
a kid in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt are sitting in a chair .
a little boy in a white shirt is kissing a little boy .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two children play tug of war .
a boy and a woman walk together .
a construction worker working on a tree .
a man rock climbing .
a person with a bowl on her head .
a woman with a bowl in her hand .
a young boy is chasing a woman in a blue shirt .
a woman is balancing a bowl on her head .
a group of people in the air .
a man is throwing a frisbee into the air .
a man in a cap juggling knives .
a black man juggling three baskets of bread .
a man in a white shirt is juggling a tennis racket .
a man juggling knives .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
four men are working on a car .
four people posing for a picture .
a child with a necklace is walking on a beach .
a child is looking at the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a policeman standing next to his motorcycle .
a police officer is on a motorcycle .
a police officer on a street .
a basketball player in a red jersey is running .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a basketball player in a white jersey is running past a player .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a street vendor with a bicycle .
a person is holding something .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an asian woman with a cart of food .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man rides a bicycle with a basket in the background .
a man rides a bike with a basket in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle down a dirt road .
a man pushing a cart on a busy sidewalk .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man pushing a cart full of bags .
an asian man in a striped polo shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man working on a project .
a horse rider riding a bucking horse .
a man is sleeping on a bed .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man sleeps on a bed on a bed .
a man jumps over another man in a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping on a bed .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of children at a dock .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are holding buckets .
a group of people standing around a table .
a woman is standing next to a stove .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man is taking a picture of a woman .
two children look at cameras .
two girls in winter coats are standing in the snow .
a young girl is showing something to a group of people .
an african american man and a woman are standing together .
a man is standing next to a machine .
a man working on a machine .
a man operating a piece of machinery .
a man operating a piece of machinery .
a man is operating a piece of machinery .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man in an orange vest is operating a snow plow .
a group of soldiers hold guns .
a man is making bread .
a man in a white shirt is baking something .
a man is throwing something into a microphone .
a child rides a bike .
two women smiling .
a kid is riding a bicycle .
a young child rides his bike .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a small child .
a boy is riding a bike .
three men standing on a street corner corner .
an employee pushing a cart full of bags .
a young man is talking on his cellphone .
a man with a beard and glasses is standing in front of a microphone .
a man with a mohawk is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is driving her four dogs .
a woman is walking towards a parking meter .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a dumpster .
two dogs ride in a race .
a man does a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing a flip on a trampoline .
a man is sitting on a rock in the water .
a man in a white shirt is doing a handstand in the air .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
men standing on a rock .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
two men are enjoying the view of a boat .
four people working on a train .
four people are working together .
four people are working on a train .
four people are working together .
four people are walking down the street .
a skateboarder flies through the air .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in front of a building .
a group of people celebrating .
a man is riding a bike .
a person in a white shirt is crossing the road .
a group of cyclists are in the air .
people riding bikes on a railroad track .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people riding bikes on a trail .
a man and a woman riding bikes .
two people riding bikes on a trail .
a man and a woman are riding a motorcycle .
people riding bikes .
two people biking down the street .
a biker riding a bike .
a man is doing a skateboard trick .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a man is standing on a board .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a woman is holding her purse .
a young girl is swimming in a pool .
a person is holding a ball .
a person in a bikini is jumping into the water .
a scuba diver is jumping into a pool .
a young girl in a white shirt is jumping into a pool .
a young person wearing goggles and a swimsuit is swimming in a pool .
a young person in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a child swimming in the water .
a group of people sitting on a boat .
a man is working on a project .
a man holding a chain .
a man in a blue shirt is holding something .
a man is holding a chain .
a man with a chain in his hands .
a man is holding a chain .
a man in blue holds a chain .
an old man is holding something .
a man in a gray shirt is holding a torch in a wheel .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two men are looking at something .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt and cowboy hat is standing on a couch .
three men are standing in a field .
a man is standing next to a man with a backpack .
a woman with a camera is taking a picture .
a horse jumps over a horse .
a jockey rides a horse .
a woman is taking a photo of a sculpture .
a person on top of a horse .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt and red pants is standing in front of a red wall .
there is a picture of a man in a red shirt and red pants .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a red car .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a man with red hair is holding a red object .
the bears are in the background .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two cats on a cake .
the bears are on the cake of the cake .
a birthday cake with a birthday cake .
a boy kicking a volleyball .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a forest .
a mountain biker in a forest .
a man riding a bike in the woods .
a man is riding a motorbike .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a black shirt , are walking down the street .
a brown and white horse is jumping over a fence .
two horses are riding horses .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a fence .
a man is riding a horse in a field .
two horses are in the snow .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are watching a hot air balloon .
a crowd of people are standing on the road at night .
a group of people in the street .
a hot air balloon is filled with people .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are watching an event .
a view of the sun .
a group of people are gathered on a hot day .
a stuffed animal is playing with a toy toy .
the teddy bear has white skies .
the teddy bear is on the teddy bear .
the teddy bear is upside down on the bottom of the slide .
a teddy bear has a teddy bear .
the bear has a mohawk .
the bear is looking at the camera .
the teddy bear has its mouth open .
two cats are playing with a toy .
the teddy bear has its mouth open .
a group of people are standing on a stone wall .
a man is standing next to a building .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a building .
a stone building in front of a stone building .
a city street in front of a building .
a boat in the water .
a man in an orange vest is driving a truck .
a boat in the water .
a man is sitting in front of a boat in front of a boat .
a man is laying in the middle of a large truck .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a woman is kissing a man on a bicycle .
two children are sleeping on a bench .
a man is leaning against a sheep .
a woman and a man kiss and kiss .
a woman is kissing a man in front of a tree .
two people are kissing .
two children playing tug of war .
a musician playing a guitar .
a little girl climbing a tree .
three girls are playing with a small dog on the back of a brown and white dog .
a man with a beard is standing under a sign .
a crowd of people watch a baseball game .
a man is playing piano .
two children playing with a dog .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are playing volleyball .
a man with a beard is talking on his cellphone .
two children sleeping on a couch .
a dog chases a goat .
a black dog and a white puppy are standing in front of a white dog .
two children are playing in the grass .
a man surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave in the ocean .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing food from a book .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman is standing in a kitchen .
a woman reading a newspaper on a ledge .
a group of people wearing yellow and yellow uniforms are walking in an arena .
a stadium in a stadium .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are holding an object .
a woman paints a wall .
a man is pointing at something .
a woman in a white tank top painting a picture .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is working on a wall .
a woman wearing a black tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a child is playing with a pot .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man walking with a coffee cup .
a female athlete wearing a red uniform is working on something .
a wrestler is cleaning the floor .
a boy stands next to a fountain .
a person is riding a bike .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a biker riding a dirt bike .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is smoking a motorcycle .
a little girl is walking along the sidewalk .
two construction workers on the ground .
three people sitting on the edge of a cliff .
a man with a cigarette is riding a motorcycle .
three people are sitting on the ground .
a black and white dog with a frisbee in its mouth .
a dog is holding something in its mouth .
a little white dog runs through the water .
a white dog is trying to pull a stick in the water .
two children are playing in the sand .
a woman sleeping on a bench .
a man with a violin is playing a violin .
a woman is playing with a puppet .
a young woman is playing with a puppet .
a woman is holding a puppet .
a man is pulling another man 's hand .
a man doing a flip in midair .
a group of people are holding microphones .
two men hugging each other .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
two girls playing musical instruments .
a group of people are holding an object .
a group of children sitting on a couch .
two teenagers playing in the sand .
fans cheering for the crowd .
two babies are riding in a stroller .
a baby is playing with a baby .
two babies are sitting in a blue chair .
two medical students are playing in the water .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing in a forest .
a soccer player in a red jersey is kicking a soccer ball .
two people walking on a wet sidewalk .
a group of people in a park .
two girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing shorts , are standing in the sand .
two girls are walking down the street .
two girls are playing in the water .
two people are walking down the street .
two girls are walking down the street .
two girls standing in a puddle .
a group of children playing in the water .
a bride and groom pose for a wedding .
two women are kissing .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man in a white shirt plays piano .
a man playing the violin .
a man is playing the violin .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men in white coats work in a lab .
a man in a lab coat and a woman in a lab coat are in a lab .
two scientists are filling a chicken .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a piece of wood .
two girls in black outfits are holding umbrellas .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of cyclists are riding bikes .
a guy sleeping on a bench .
a duck runs through the water .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a board game with a microphone .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a blue shirt is using a tree .
a child is standing outside of a building .
a boy holds books in his arms .
a boy is standing on a hill on a hill .
two boys are doing martial arts .
a child is playing in the water .
two boys , one wearing a blue jersey and the other in a white shirt , are playing volleyball .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys reaching for a ball .
a crowd of people are standing outside a building .
a black and white dog jumps toward a fence .
a man in a white shirt is painting a picture .
two women standing with a snowman .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a brown and white dog jumping in the air .
a dog is laying on a couch .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog in a house .
a dog is jumping on a couch .
a brown dog is sitting on a couch .
a dog is jumping on a couch .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man in a leather jacket is holding a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a suit is singing into a microphone .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a person swimming underwater .
an old man in a blue shirt is holding an axe .
two women looking at something .
a group of women wearing dresses .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a person is riding a bike .
a female athlete is jumping over a mountaintop .
a bicyclist is jumping over a mountain bike .
a biker is riding a bike in the woods .
a man is riding a mountain bike .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two older men are looking at binoculars .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the snow .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
a white dog carries a stick on the beach .
a white dog runs through the sand .
a dog on a beach with a stick in its mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground with a broom .
a woman in a white shirt is holding her hands .
a brown and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs run through a grassy field .
a man with an axe is standing outside .
a man holds an axe while standing on a hill .
a man in a red shirt is sitting on a hill on a hill .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is holding an axe .
a woman is carrying a child .
a woman is holding a child .
a lady is carrying a young boy .
a stadium in a stadium .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog plays in the snow .
a black dog is running through the grass .
a dog is playing with a green toy .
a group of students posing in front of a sign .
a man and a woman are practicing surgery .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a person is riding a bike .
a crowd of people are standing in the middle of a city street .
a biker is riding on a path .
people on a boat in the water .
two people are fencing .
a man taking a walk .
people shopping at a market .
a woman on a cellphone talks on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a store .
a man in a kilt is standing in a grocery store .
a man in an orange outfit is standing in front of an audience .
a man in a grocery store is looking at something .
two friends enjoying the day .
a man with a mohawk raises his arms .
two young people are eating a meal .
two girls eating ice cream .
a man is riding a scooter .
a young lady is showing her hand .
a young man is getting ready for a ride .
a large man is riding a bike .
a shirtless man is standing next to a motorcycle .
a man holding a baby .
a man is sitting with a baby .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a mirror .
a man in a blue shirt is watching his life life .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
a man carrying a baby .
a man holding a newborn baby .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a white shirt is playing the accordion .
two men playing soccer .
a young girl in a swimsuit is jumping into a pool .
a little girl in a green dress is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl in swim trunks is swimming underwater .
a man and a woman are performing a dance .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman training each other .
people taking pictures .
a gymnast is being held by a woman in a blue shirt .
a person is jumping in the air .
a man training in the air .
a girl doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a girl is performing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a girl is training in the air .
a little girl in the middle of a race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an artist working on a project .
an artist working on a project .
an artist works on a piece of paper .
an artist works on a piece of art .
an artist works on an art sculpture .
a man in white stands in front of a shop .
a man is standing in front of a sign .
several children are standing next to each other .
a group of children are playing on a stage .
a group of people pointing at a crowd .
a group of children are performing on stage .
a young girl in a blue shirt and a boy in a blue shirt are marching .
an african american boy sleeps in front of a building .
two people prepare a meal .
a baseball player trying to catch a baseball .
a child lying on a wall next to a wall .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball .
a group of people in a kitchen .
an older woman with gray hair is standing on a sidewalk .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a woman walking down the sidewalk .
a baby in a blue shirt is sleeping in a bed .
a baby is sleeping .
a baby with his eyes closed .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a young baby is sleeping .
a woman in a plaid shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is standing in the street .
a baby is sleeping .
a group of people at a party .
a boy is playing in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a man in a boat in a boat .
a man stands in the middle of a boat .
a man in overalls and a hat is riding a boat .
a man is standing on a boat fishing .
a woman in black pushes a bucket .
two dogs play in the snow .
a lady in a white shirt is mopping the floor .
two dogs playing with each other .
a clown holding a bicycle .
a dog bites another dog .
a man in a blue shirt is drinking juice .
a boy in a blue shirt is drinking from a juice bin .
a child is drinking from a juice bin .
a young boy is drinking a drink .
a child is making a drink .
a man is performing a trick on a skateboard .
four people are dancing .
two elderly ladies are playing a game .
two children are playing in the snow .
ballet dancers are performing ballet .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of older men playing chess .
an old man is walking down the sidewalk in front of buildings and lights .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are looking across the water .
a group of people looking at a bridge .
a group of men fishing in a river .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a biker rides in the countryside .
a young boy in a blue jacket playing tennis .
a woman is sitting in front of a door .
a child is riding a motorcycle .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a child is walking on a bridge .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a kid rides a bike in the woods .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a person climbing a cliff .
a man is skateboarding .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man rock climbing .
a rock climber climbing a rock .
a dog runs through a creek .
a child is taking a picture .
a dog in the water .
the brown dog is running through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
a young man in a white shirt is jumping in the air .
a group of people in an office .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a group of people are working together .
two construction workers are working at a construction site .
a group of children are playing outside .
children in red robes are standing in a classroom .
children in red robes are standing in a circle .
a group of people are standing on grass .
two children are walking across a field .
a man is standing next to a pile of oranges .
a teacher is talking to children .
a group of people walking along a sidewalk .
a woman is holding her hands on a man 's foot .
a man with his leg over his head .
a woman in a black shirt is holding a man 's hand .
a boy in a blue shirt is stretching in the air .
a young boy in a blue sweatshirt is looking at something .
a boy in a gray shirt does a handstand on a skateboard .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a group of people .
a young boy is putting on a piece of paper .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is making a funny face .
a man is stretching his leg .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding his hands .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of men are playing basketball .
a group of men riding bikes .
an orchestra is preparing for a performance .
a young woman sitting on a bench .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is walking along a sidewalk .
a child is walking in front of a building .
a lady walks down the street .
a lady wearing a hat is walking down the road .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is reading a book .
a man is reading a book on a dirt trail .
a man is reading a book on a dirt trail .
a man reading a book .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people are playing chess .
two men are carrying children .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two men are carrying a woman in a white shirt .
a group of children are sitting on horses .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two men carry children .
two men are walking with children on their shoulders .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are playing hockey .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people are sitting on a boat .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a worker fixing a window .
a person is hiking in the woods .
a group of people shopping for produce .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a pole .
children look at toys .
a man is leaning on a piano .
a young man surfing a wave .
children eating lunch at school .
a man is walking with his bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a biker is riding a bike .
a group of people eating .
a group of men are participating in a ceremony .
a person wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
kids playing on the beach .
two men playing soccer .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
two boys are playing in the water .
a group of people sitting at a table with green umbrellas .
a group of people sitting at a table .
people talking outside of a market .
a lady in a pink shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are watching a performance .
a man is testing on a cellphone .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a man is climbing up a cliff .
two men are working on a roof .
people walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a woman is holding an umbrella .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking in a field .
a man walks past a billboard with a cow on it .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench with his dog .
a man is walking his dog on the beach .
a woman walks down the street .
people walking down the street .
a man carrying a sign in the rain .
a woman and a child are holding flowers .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman looking out of a building .
a person is pushing a cart full of luggage .
a woman pulls a suitcase on the stairs .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her luggage .
a woman walking on the street .
a woman with dark hair and dark hair is sitting in a chair .
a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
a woman is standing on the street with a shopping cart .
a man selling flowers .
a man is holding flowers .
santa claus in a parade .
a group of people are sitting on stairs .
a chef is preparing food .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is hanging out of a building .
a group of people are standing outside of a yellow building .
a group of people sitting by a yellow building .
a group of cars parked on a road .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
people sitting in front of a building .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman at a market .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is singing to a man in a black shirt .
a man is holding a sign .
a woman buying fruit .
a lady is showing fruit .
a man and a woman are in a market .
a man in a wheelchair at a sporting event .
two women are sitting at a table .
two women talking on a cellphone .
two people are sitting on the shore of the water .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are sitting in front of a table full of fish with many fish .
a boy is fishing .
a man with a knife is cutting a chicken .
two men drinking beer .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard .
a man with no shirt on is bending over .
a man in a blue shirt holding a knife .
a man is petting a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt points at a shave screen .
a woman in boots and boots is walking down the sidewalk .
a girl is playing on a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a girl is sliding down a slide .
a small child plays a musical instrument .
two boys are fishing .
a child is looking at books .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a man in a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a little girl wearing a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a building .
a woman and a dog in a rowboat .
a man is holding up a tent .
three people are sitting on a bench .
people inside a building .
a group of people in a bar .
a man is giving a speech .
a person rides his bike on the pavement .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a man in a white shirt is using a drill .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a woman in jeans is jumping on the beach .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a person is doing a handstand on a track .
a man in green shorts and a green shirt is jumping in the air .
a woman wearing sunglasses is working on a project .
a dog playing with a toy toy .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a toddler swings on a swing .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young girl swinging on a swing .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a man is taking a picture of a man taking a picture .
a girl is swinging on a swing .
a group of people are looking at a chair .
a man is standing outside of a house .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
two people are standing in front of a building .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a table .
two people standing next to a building looking at something .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a table .
a man playing a guitar on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man wearing glasses is sitting on a bench .
an artist works on a sculpture .
a man is working on a project .
an artist in a red shirt using a hammer .
a man is working on a stone wall .
a man is lying on grass with his hand in his hand .
a man laying in grass .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a sign .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a man is sitting on the grass .
a group of girls in a kitchen .
a man is working on an art sculpture .
a man in a cap is using a hammer on a wall .
a man is working on a project .
three young women hugging each other in front of a sign .
girls posing for a picture .
a boy spray paint on a wall .
a woman is playing with a puppet .
a woman is playing with a puppet .
a woman in a white shirt is throwing a microphone in front of a crowd .
a woman is playing with a colorful dragon .
a woman is taking a photo of a woman .
a woman in a flower dress is standing in a garden .
a woman is playing with a puppet .
a woman is holding a toy .
a woman in a green robe is riding a green robe .
a kid practicing martial arts .
a boy is playing in a room .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
two boys are cooking .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with a briefcase is holding a briefcase .
a woman in a blue shirt is crying .
two boys in a kitchen .
two women are standing next to each other .
three women are looking at a camera .
two women are looking at something .
two women are looking at the camera .
two young women are looking at something .
two women are looking at something .
a group of women wearing skirts are dancing .
a group of women are walking down the street .
three women in dresses standing outside of a building .
three women are walking down the street .
three women walking down the street .
a group of women walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two firemen are spraying water hose .
a man is sitting in front of tires .
a man is sitting next to a bicycle .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man in a brown sweater is sitting in a chair .
a girl on a cellphone talks on a cellphone .
two men are riding horses in a dirt field .
two men are playing tug of war .
two women walking down the street .
two people are looking at each other .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a woman sitting on a wall in front of a wall .
a young boy is playing in the sand .
a chinese parade is going down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing behind two flags .
a man in a parade in a parade .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a parade with an asian fair .
two men are giving a presentation .
two men on stage giving a presentation .
two men , one with glasses and one wearing glasses , are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman are performing a presentation .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man is hiking in the mountains with his dog .
a man is looking at a machine .
people are standing in front of a pool .
two men standing near a truck .
two men having a conversation in the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
two men talking in a street .
a man in a military uniform speaks to another man .
a man is giving a speech .
two people having a conversation .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to a uniformed man .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people having a conversation .
two men talking to each other .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on stage .
a man playing an electric guitar .
a person is running through the air .
a young man is playing hockey .
a football player running with a football .
two men are playing soccer .
two boys are playing hockey .
a boy in a blue shirt playing a game .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man is reading a book at a bus station .
a man holding a protest sign .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people dancing at a party .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a man in a white shirt is preparing to climb the ice .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a child is playing in the water .
a child is running through the grass .
a group of people in a park .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is on a board .
a skateboarder is skateboarding .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in midair .
a man in a white shirt is carrying some bags .
a group of people are gathered around a monument .
a man in front of a christmas tree is holding a bottle .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is painting a building outside of a building .
a group of people at a meeting .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a person on a ladder on a ladder .
a group of people are watching a presentation .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a scaffold on a scaffold .
a man is doing a handstand on the ground .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a scaffold on a scaffold .
a man in a green shirt is standing in front of an igloo .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is holding an object .
two men are standing on the ground .
a group of people in the air .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a boy jumping in the water .
a woman in a green dress is standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a woman with an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
a view of the mountains on a snowy day .
snowy mountains with mountains in the background .
a mountain biker in the snow .
a group of people sitting in the sun .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is looking down .
a man is waiting at a stop sign .
a man crosses the street .
a man crosses the street .
a person walking on the road .
a man is walking down the street .
a man walking by a sign .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing in front of a stop sign .
a man is walking down the street .
two men are standing next to each other .
a black and white dog is catching a frisbee .
a family is drinking wine .
a person is climbing up a rock .
a clown is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people standing around a table .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
the little girl is wearing a pink dress .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a little girl in a pink dress is standing in front of a building .
a little girl in a pink dress is holding a large stick .
a little girl with a ponytail and sunglasses on her head .
a young girl dressed in a black jacket and black jacket is playing with a black and white striped jacket .
a child is playing with some sort of paper .
a person sitting on the pavement holding a cricket ball .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man with a ponytail and glasses is pouring water .
a man in a white shirt is cooking something .
a man with long hair is cooking a pot .
a man wearing glasses is cooking a pot on a stove .
a man with long hair is standing in front of a pot of water .
a man wearing glasses is sitting on a bench .
a man is making a pot of soup in a kitchen kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a pilot is driving an airplane .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a helicopter .
a pilot in a white shirt sweeps the airplane .
a woman with gloves is talking to a woman with a scarf .
a woman is holding a newspaper .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a woman in a purple shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two girls are having fun and laughing .
a group of people walking around a beach .
a man and a woman are looking at a bucket .
a person is jumping on a ski slope .
people skiing down a snowy mountain .
a group of people performing tricks on a ramp .
a group of people are skiing .
a crowd of people at a celebration .
a man and a woman walk along a walkway .
a group of boys are walking on a beach .
a group of young boys are playing on the beach .
three children are sitting on a bench .
people cheering at an event .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a little girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person walks down the street .
a child is walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
six dancers are performing on stage .
a group of people on stage .
a group of dancers practicing a dance .
a group of dancers are performing with their heads .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a group of dancers are performing and cheering .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a group of people in a bar .
a group of children are playing soccer .
three guys are drinking beer .
football players getting ready for the hike .
a group of people are watching a football game .
two football players on the field .
a football player in a red and white uniform and a man in a red and white uniform .
a young lady is taking pictures .
a football player in a blue uniform is attempting to tackle the football .
two elderly people walk down an alley .
a yellow cafe is covered in graffiti .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a man and two children are playing on a beach .
a band performs on the sidewalk .
a band plays music .
a man is looking at a sheet of sheet music .
a group of performers perform on a street .
a group of musicians playing musical instruments .
two children playing in the grass .
two children are walking down the street .
a mother helps two children are sitting on a floor .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a couple is walking on the street .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of dancers performing on stage .
two men are working on a metal structure .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is smiling and smiling .
two people are standing in front of a tent .
a group of people are listening to headphones .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a group of people are working outside .
a bmx rider riding a bike .
a man in a black shirt is playing in front of a crowd .
a large crowd of people are watching an event .
a motorcyclist is performing a trick .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a
a man is doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a man doing tricks on his bike .
a group of people are working outside .
a group of children are working on a project .
a man is playing tennis .
a group of people watching a baseball game .
a man in a red shirt is playing tennis .
an asian man playing tennis .
a man swings a tennis racket .
a football player in a red jersey is on a basketball field .
a crowd of people in a public place .
a red car is parked in the dirt .
a group of people standing next to a car .
two men are fighting .
two men competing in a race .
a group of people are fighting .
two men fighting .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a person balancing on a rope .
a woman holding her hand up .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a man and a small boy spray painting on a bicycle .
two boys are playing basketball in a gymnasium .
a young boy and his mother put on paint on a bike .
a man and a boy are playing ping pong .
a group of children are walking down the street .
a woman playing tennis .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
two men are running .
a young girl in a blue shirt is playing a game in the sand .
a man is walking towards an escalator .
a woman with blond hair is standing next to a woman .
a man pushing a stroller down the street .
a white and white moped is crossing the sidewalk .
a young man is doing yoga on a beach .
an adult and two children are making crafts in a classroom .
a horse jumps over a fence .
a man is working on a project .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
children playing soccer .
a small child in a blue shirt is teaching another child .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a man with a beard playing the accordion .
a man in a suit is walking past a model car .
a child is working on a project .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt plays the drums .
a bearded man is playing a guitar and singing .
a man is sitting in a chair with a guitar .
a group of people are sitting on the floor .
a person is riding a bike .
a young child in a blue shirt is sitting at a table with crayons .
a child is drawing a picture .
a young boy is coloring .
a bicycle rider fixing his bike .
a family is shopping .
a family stands in front of a shop display .
a family is walking down the street .
a group of children at a carnival .
a group of children are climbing around a theater .
two children playing on a structure .
several children are enjoying a carnival ride .
a group of children at a carnival .
a group of people sitting on a ride .
children sit on a carnival ride ride .
a group of children sit on a carnival ride , while a clown and a clown watch .
a group of people climbing a rock wall .
a man is running down the street .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is giving a speech in a microphone .
three women are laughing and laughing .
two women laughing .
young ladies having fun and laughing .
two women are laughing at a table .
two women laughing .
a group of friends laughing .
four women eating dinner .
four women are having fun and laughing .
four women are having a good time .
two women are laughing at a table .
a group of women are sitting around a table eating a meal .
a group of people are working on a board .
an old man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is operating a piece of equipment .
an old man working on a project .
two women wearing brown coats are walking down the street .
a woman is walking towards the camera .
two women walking down the street .
a woman walks past two women .
two women wearing brown coats are walking down the street .
a group of people hugging .
two women are talking to each other .
a woman in black is talking into a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
an elderly couple walking down the street .
two people walking on the grass .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a red tent .
a couple taking a walk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man jogging down the street .
a dog chases a ball .
two dogs play on a pink and yellow ball .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
three dogs play in the grass .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a woman is crying .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man walks by a window .
a skier is in the water .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a red shirt are jumping over a table .
people are climbing rocks .
two women climbing a rock wall .
a group of girls in rollerskater are talking to a man .
the referee is talking to the referee .
an adult and two children are standing next to each other .
two girls are standing in front of a building .
a man is crossing the street .
people at a fair .
two girls eating ice cream .
a group of people are drinking beer .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man jogging down the street .
a man enjoying a drink at a bar .
a man is doing a handstand on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is running down a street .
a group of teenagers at the beach .
a group of people are sitting at a table eating food .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a surfer surfs in the water .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
an elderly woman in a city is walking down a city street .
a group of bicycles on the sidewalk .
a group of people stopped in front of a store .
two young boys are having a conversation .
a group of people posing in the sand .
two dogs run through a sprinkler .
a black woman in a black dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a small dog is swimming in the water .
a group of people sitting at tables in a classroom .
an african american male in an orange shirt is playing the accordion .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a black and white dog in a field .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man and a dog in a field .
a group of people sitting on a train .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people wearing hats .
people standing around a subway station .
a couple is walking through the city .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a monument .
a basketball player in a red and white uniform is jumping for the ball .
a girl is shaving a horse .
a girl is spinning a horse .
a woman in a pink shirt is riding a horse .
a little girl brushing her teeth .
a middle aged man is playing a game of checkers .
a wheelchair on a sunny day .
a football player is about to throw the ball .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a college basketball player runs with a ball .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people taking pictures .
a man dribbles a basketball .
three people are walking down the street .
a large group of people are climbing a cave .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
two people are walking down the street .
a middle aged man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
two people are working on a project .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a group of people playing soccer .
two children are running in a race .
a child is smiling while holding a pair of sandals .
a toddler is posing with a little girl .
a singer is performing on stage .
a man is holding a door .
an old man is walking down the street .
an old man walks away from the camera .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a cyclist rides by a construction site .
a little girl in winter clothes is playing with her teeth .
a man is swimming in a pool .
a child looking at something .
a teenager is posing for a picture .
a group of people gathered outside a building .
a large group of students are looking at a map .
a man in shorts and sandals is walking down the sidewalk .
a group of football players on the field .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of hockey players are having a discussion .
a man swings his arms around his head .
a person sitting on a couch .
a woman holding a paper in front of her .
a woman is holding a fishing pole .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is eating food .
a person is eating food .
a group of people hiking on a trail .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman perform on stage .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a girl in shorts and a t shirt is sitting on a bench .
men working in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man and a man are fencing in a gym .
a crowd of people are gathered around a city street .
two women cooking food .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a girl leans against a tree .
two people are inspecting a cart of produce .
a man and a boy are selling things .
two people are standing next to a cart of vegetables .
a man in a blue shirt picking vegetables from a young boy .
a man and a boy are walking in colorful clothing .
a woman sitting on the grass .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a butcher is working in a butcher shop .
a man is sitting on a bench with a wheelchair .
people having a conversation .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are jumping from a pier .
four kids are waiting in the air .
people jumping into the water .
kids jumping into the water .
a group of people are looking at the water .
a man washing the steps of a building .
a man in a military uniform is doing a trick on a motorcycle .
a group of people are playing video games .
a group of young people are gathered around a festival .
a man throwing a ball into a pool .
people standing outside of a building .
a vendor in a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of football players playing football on a field .
a football player in a blue uniform is passing by the football .
a black and white dog is laying on the back of a bench .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown and brown dog is running through the grass .
a brown dog with a ball in its mouth .
a football player prepares to make a pass .
a football player is throwing a ball in the air .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of people standing outside at night .
a crowd gathers in a grassy area .
a group of people are gathered in front of an audience .
people watching fireworks .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man is performing a martial arts move .
two men riding a bike .
two cyclists are riding bikes .
two men in athletic gear are riding bikes .
two people riding bikes in a city .
a man and a woman on bicycles .
two bicyclists ride down the street .
a group of bike riders in the street .
two people riding a bike .
two people are riding bicycles down a street .
a bulldozer digging in a field .
a man is using a bulldozer on rocks .
a man working on a bulldozer .
a man driving a bulldozer .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is driving a bulldozer .
a tractor drives over a field .
a man is sitting on a bench .
three men and a woman are playing musical instruments .
a man in a white shirt is holding a drink .
two men eating fruit .
a man is sleeping in a chair .
a middle aged man sitting in a chair .
a middle aged man sitting on a bench holding his drink .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a middle aged man sitting in a chair with a drink .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl is painting a picture .
a man is sitting in a chair holding a bird .
a young girl is drawing a picture .
a little girl is drawing a picture .
a young girl is painting a piece of art .
a little girl is sleeping on a bench .
a girl is sitting on a park bench .
a girl is eating an ice cream cone .
a person sitting on a bench eating ice cream with a bike .
a woman is preparing for the beach .
a man is lying on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench in front of a building .
a black dog running in the sand .
a man is laying on a rock .
a man in a white shirt is shaving his eyes .
a boy in a white shirt prepares to hit a frisbee .
a group of people are sitting in a garden .
a puppy plays in the ocean .
people standing in front of a sign .
a group of people performing on a stage .
a group of people protesting .
people holding signs .
two men protest a sign .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a white horse .
a group of people are dancing .
a man and a woman are looking at a rail bar .
a group of people are watching motorcycles .
a group of people in a wooded area .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people working in the water .
a crowd of people are standing on a street .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a person is riding a bike .
a boy doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man is playing baseball .
a baseball player in a blue jersey is running towards the base .
a dog jumps in the air .
a baseball player in a baseball uniform is attempting to catch the ball .
a man in a green shirt is trying to catch a baseball .
the cars are parked in the street .
a bmx rider jumping off a ramp .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing outside of a building .
a group of people standing around a car .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a man in a leather vest is standing on a motorcycle .
a woman is riding a bicycle down the street .
a man on a bicycle is leaning into a car .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a man rides a bicycle on a bicycle .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man is talking to a group of people .
a bike rider is laying on the pavement .
a woman hangs over the edge of a cliff .
a man walking behind a woman in a suit .
a group of elderly people in a room .
a man and woman look at the camera .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a bike .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two children are playing in the water .
two children are playing in the water .
a group of people carrying white flags on the street .
a crowd of people are walking in a parade .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing next to a banner .
a woman is working on a project .
a young girl is holding a bat .
two boys are preparing to swim .
a girl in a red shirt is carrying a bat .
a man is taking a picture on a cellphone .
a little boy is pouring water on a baby .
a man is working on a roof .
a man in a white shirt is helping a woman in a white shirt .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man driving a red truck .
a man driving a truck .
a driver is smiling .
a boy shaving his face .
a man in a plaid shirt is cutting a boy in a barber 's haircut .
a father shaving his son .
a father looks at the camera while his father watches .
a father is shaving his son .
three women are walking down the street .
three women are walking down the street .
this is a picture of a building .
people standing in a city street .
three people are walking on a sidewalk .
three women are standing outside of a building .
a group of women are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three women are walking down the sidewalk .
two runners run down the street .
a man holds a basketball while listening to music .
construction workers having a conversation .
a man is cutting grass .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a sweater holds her hands .
a girl in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a girl is sitting in a chair holding her hands .
two construction workers having a conversation .
a man shaving his face .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of students on a picnic table .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a child walks in the street .
a woman is shopping for vegetables .
a woman is shopping for vegetables .
three people are relaxing on a bench .
a man is standing at a market selling vegetables .
two men in suits are riding a boat .
a man is standing in the middle of a busy street .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man is walking through a train station .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a group of young adults are performing on stage .
a woman is sitting on a table with her hands .
a man is holding a pole .
a woman is running through a field with a dog .
a dog runs through a course .
a man and a dog are working together .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a bartender is pouring something into a container .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a man is looking at a newspaper .
two people are playing soccer .
two women are walking down a street .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two soccer players fighting for the ball .
two young women are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two women are walking along side a street .
two women in bathing suits are standing on the beach .
two women are walking down the street .
a man is reading a paper .
people are posing for a picture .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a group of girls are jumping in the air .
two girls are doing martial arts .
a group of girls in dresses .
a group of girls are dancing .
a group of girls dancing .
women dancing in the street .
a group of people are dressed in heavy clothing .
women dancing in the street .
two girls are dancing at a mcdonald 's restaurant .
a woman and a child are skiing .
a man in a blue shirt is walking through the snow .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a bench with a child .
five people sitting at a table .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a man in a white shirt is playing basketball .
a man is playing basketball .
a basketball player is running .
a man is watching a football game .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is sitting on a hill .
a bike rider is doing tricks on a bike .
three people standing next to a hot air balloon .
a lady is talking on her cellphone .
a homeless man sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman wearing glasses and a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a young woman poses for a picture in a wooded area .
a young woman is smiling and smiling .
a man pulling a large piece of paper .
a man is looking at binoculars .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
a man in a red shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a dog .
a man is riding a horse .
two people are standing near a body of water .
a girl in a tank top is crying .
a group of police officers are gathered around .
two football players jump for the ball .
a man is trying to block a basket from the opposing team .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a group of protesters gathered in a street .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a person is swimming in the water .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people in a public place .
a man sleeping on a subway bench .
a group of men standing around a table .
three people sitting on a bench .
a rock climber is on a rock .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
a group of people are in the water .
a young man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a man and a woman pose in the woods .
a busy street with graffiti on it .
two women are looking at bicycles .
two people standing near a group of bicycles .
two women look at bicycles .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a woman in a coat is walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
a group of people sitting in a field .
a group of people crossing the street .
a man on stage in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two guys throwing a football .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of football players are playing football .
a group of hikers are walking through a field .
people hiking across a hill with mountains in the background .
a group of people are hiking in the woods .
a group of people are hiking on a rocky trail .
people walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a football player in a white jersey is tackling a player in white .
a man sits behind a cart of vegetables .
a young man with a red bandanna over his face .
men and women skating in the snow .
a small child is holding a small child .
a person wearing a safety vest is sitting on a bench .
a woman is trying to hit a horse .
a woman taking a picture of a horse .
a woman is taking pictures of a dog .
a woman in a vest takes a photo .
a woman is standing next to a horse .
a woman taking a picture of a horse .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a city view of a city street .
a woman is taking pictures .
a man is standing outside of a building .
two blond girls are sitting on a couch .
a child stands against a pole .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man in a boat in a boat .
a boat in the water .
a man in a boat is paddling in water .
a kayaker in the water .
a woman standing in a boat .
a group of bike riders in the city .
a woman is sitting on a boat .
a man in a white shirt is walking in front of a brick wall .
a girl walking on a boat .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
a man and a woman are sitting on chairs next to each other .
two women sitting in green chairs and reading .
two women are reading a book .
a group of people are reading a book .
two people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting in a circle .
a man is riding his bicycle .
a man is biking down the street .
a bike rider on a street .
a bicyclist is about to cross the street .
two police officers are standing on the street .
two police officers on horses .
two police officers riding horses .
two children are playing in the snow .
two children are jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people are walking on a sunny day .
two police officers are talking to each other .
two people sitting on horses .
two police officers sitting on horses in an urban setting .
two police officers on horses .
two police officers sitting on horses in an urban setting .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man in an orange outfit is wearing an orange outfit .
two people are sitting on a train .
a train ride .
two people are crossing the train .
two people are riding on a train .
two people are sitting on a train .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bus .
two ladies sitting on a bench .
a woman selling fruit .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a scuba diver underwater underwater .
a man speaking at a podium .
a child is playing in the ocean .
a group of people in the middle of a crowd .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a lady is eating a snack .
a woman in a white shirt holding plastic bags .
two women are holding a bag .
a young boy wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
an african american boy sits in the dirt .
a young boy sits in a chair .
a child sits in front of a grill .
men playing volleyball on a sunny day .
a man washing dishes .
a man and a woman in a kitchen .
two people in a kitchen .
a man and a woman are doing dishes .
a group of asian women are working together .
a man sitting with a wheelbarrow .
a person is standing in a truck .
a person looking out of a window .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a brown and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
people are looking at the water .
a group of horses racing around a track .
two soccer players are looking up .
a person is riding a horse .
two men talking on a cellphone .
a man is working on a project .
two women are walking down the street in front of a window .
two men talking to each other .
two older men are looking at something .
a guy talking to his friend .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy shoveling leaves .
a boy in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing outside of a building .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people carrying trash bags on bicycles .
a man pushing a large bundle of goods .
a man working on a construction project .
a group of people on a cliff .
a city street with people in the background .
a little girl is smiling at the camera .
several people are sitting on a bench .
construction workers working on a building .
a group of people standing outside of a construction zone .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are working on a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling down a chair .
a man is putting on a chair .
a man in a red sweater is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling on a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is shoveling snow .
a man sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
construction workers wearing orange vests and hard hats .
a group of people are working in the rain .
a goalie is playing a game of basketball .
a man in a green shirt is standing in the grass .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a man wearing a brown shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man in a brown shirt is holding a shovel .
a man in a green shirt is standing in the grass .
a young boy is standing in front of a group of men .
a man and woman spray painting on a wall .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
tourists walk down the street .
a group of tourists on a boat in an asian country .
tourists on a boat .
tourists riding in the ocean in the ocean .
tourists riding a boat .
a group of people are sitting on a boat .
a group of people are taking a break from a museum .
a group of people are kayaking in the mud .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
a group of people are walking down a river .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two men sleeping on a bench .
a man in shorts and a white shirt is playing with a white dog .
two men fighting in a fire .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing next to a woman in a blue shirt .
a child is standing next to a shoe rack .
a man is standing in front of a door .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young person is standing next to a log .
a little boy in a red shirt is waiting for a picture .
two children are sitting in front of a gas station .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two children ride a toy car .
two children at a gas station .
two young children playing in a field .
a group of people riding in a vehicle .
a group of children are sitting on the ground .
two children are playing with a toy train .
children ride in a red car .
a group of workers are pulling a helicopter in the snow .
a person in a red jacket is skiing down the trail .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a gray shirt pushes a wheelbarrow with a suitcase in the background .
a man is standing in front of a store window .
a street performer standing outside of a store .
a person holding a plate of food .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is holding a fish .
a person is holding a plate of food .
a brown dog is standing on a beach with a ball in its mouth .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a shirtless man in a red shirt is riding a mountain .
a man climbing a mountain .
two martial artists fighting .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a suit is laying down on the sidewalk .
a person taking pictures on the pavement .
a man is lying on a bench .
a man lies on the pavement taking pictures .
a man in a green hat takes a picture on the ground .
a man in a black shirt is taking pictures .
an old man is sleeping in a chair .
a man is taking a picture of a building .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a person is getting ready to take a picture .
a black and white dog is carrying a tennis ball .
a man playing a guitar and singing .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a band plays music .
a group of young people are sitting in a circle .
a band is listening to music .
a construction worker drilling a hole .
a race car on a racetrack .
a red car race on the road .
a race car on a racetrack .
a driver is driving a car .
a man is looking at a pile of dough .
a man in a kitchen is working in a kitchen .
a man is standing in a kitchen .
a person looking at a pile of groceries .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
two men working on a roof .
two men are working on a roof .
two guys working on a roof .
two men in yellow coats work on a roof .
two construction workers on the side of a road .
two men are working on a roof .
a man and a woman are working on scaffolding in the air .
two men working on the roof of a house .
two men are walking down the street .
two men wearing jackets and pants work on a roof .
two men working on a roof .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
two men are working outside a building .
a group of men are walking down the street .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are walking down a street .
people cooking in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a baby is holding a baby .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
a small child carrying another child .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of young people are playing instruments and singing .
a man working on a fire .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a person riding a horse .
a woman is looking over a counter .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man and a woman laying in a field .
a group of people at a party .
two people are kissing each other .
a guy sitting on a chair on a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in front of a computer .
a man is looking at something .
a man sitting in front of a computer monitor .
a young boy and girl in the grass .
a little girl is sleeping next to a pile of leaves .
a girl is standing behind two ducks .
a blond girl is standing behind two ducks .
a man is standing in the cockpit of a cave .
a girl and two ducks look at the water .
a girl is walking on the beach .
a woman and a child in a field .
a baby is sleeping .
a group of people are shopping .
a man carrying a bag walks down the street .
a dog playing tennis .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man is walking down the street with a bag in the background .
a young girl is eating at a table .
a woman in a red shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young girl is eating a meal .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to some graffiti .
a crowded city street .
a woman balancing on a metal structure .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
a group of people hiking through the woods .
a man is standing in front of a mountain .
two men are playing frisbee .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
a man is holding a camera .
a man is fixing his shoes .
a hiker with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk .
a man is tying his shoe .
a man shaves his shoe .
a man in a black shirt is kneeling on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is performing a concert .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a band plays on stage .
three men performing on stage .
a group of men are performing on stage .
two men are performing on stage .
three white men are performing on stage .
three men are performing at a theater .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a group of people watching a performance .
a goalie in a blue jersey is playing soccer .
a girl is jumping into the water .
a woman jumps into the water .
two women are in the water .
two people are walking down the street .
two women swimming in a swimming pool .
a man pushing a cart down the sidewalk .
an old man with a cart in front of a shoe store .
an asian man is playing a guitar .
an old man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt plays his guitar .
four people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are gathered in front of an audience .
hikers walking down a path .
a group of people in the woods .
three friends are walking on a rocky trail .
three hikers standing near a wooden structure .
a man is holding a cellphone .
a dog runs through the snow .
a small white dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a boy is playing in the pool .
children swimming in a pool .
a group of children are swimming in a pool .
people standing on a platform .
a group of people are looking at carts .
people waiting for a train .
several people standing on a platform .
a female athlete is jumping from a track .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people standing in front of some steps .
a man is training his dog .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a dog running after a dog .
a man and a dog are playing with a dog .
a boxer is working with his dog .
two dogs running in a field .
a woman is playing the violin .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman is playing an instrument .
a musician playing the guitar .
a man playing a guitar on a street .
two women talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans is getting ready to take a picture .
a man is walking down a road .
a group of people watch a fence .
two dogs racing on a track .
a man in a white shirt is cooking on a grill .
a man in a tan shirt is cutting something .
a man and a woman are in a field .
a boy hitting a ball .
the little dog is sitting on the ground .
a black dog plays with a woman .
a person is taking a nap on a bench .
a man and a dog are walking down the street .
a child hitting a baseball on a pole .
a young boy is playing baseball .
two children are playing in the water .
three children are playing in front of a fountain .
two dogs play in the snow .
two men look at a fence .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a snowboarder doing a jump in the snow .
a man is shaving his shoe .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman is holding a little girl .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a man is standing in front of a door looking at his cellphone .
a guy is getting ready to kick the ball .
a couple is helping a meal .
three people are walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
three people are walking together .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man and woman are looking at cake .
two people stand near a table with cake and cake .
a man and a woman are standing near a table with a crowd of people .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a table .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
a group of women are laughing and laughing .
a woman stands in front of a group of women .
a man with no shirt on is sitting on a bench .
people crossing the street in the rain .
two women laugh and laugh .
a mountain biker in the snow .
two people are swimming in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a
a group of men are walking on a sidewalk .
two people are swimming in the water .
a man and a woman are performing a routine .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt is laying on his back on his cellphone .
a young man in a blue shirt is holding a young man in a blue shirt .
a street vendor is sitting on a bench .
two women hugging each other .
two women hugging each other .
two women and a student in a classroom .
a rollerblader grinds a ramp .
a group of people playing instruments .
three dogs play in the grass .
three dogs run near a house .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a black dog chases a man in a white shirt .
three dogs are running .
three dogs are playing in the snow .
two dogs running in a field .
an older man with a large mustache speaks into a microphone .
a man in a blue plaid shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man speaks into a megaphone .
a man is speaking into a megaphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt speaks into a megaphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is speaking into a megaphone .
a group of people at a party .
a woman in a white shirt is playing soccer .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player in a white uniform is playing basketball .
a woman is playing with a ball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man drives a large truck .
a man driving a firetruck .
a man is sitting on the road with his eyes closed .
a man driving a truck .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man is smiling at the camera .
a man is driving a fire engine .
a man driving a bicycle .
a man in a red helmet is driving a motorcycle .
a man driving an old fire truck .
a man driving a vehicle .
a man in a coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is driving a fire truck .
an elderly man is driving a firetruck .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a blue shirt is standing behind a wheel .
an elderly man is driving a motorcycle .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a group of people are sitting at a conference table holding drinks .
a person is doing a handstand on a balance beam .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man and a woman are kissing .
an african american man is pulling out of grass .
a man in a blue shirt stands in front of a microphone .
a man kisses another woman 's cheek .
a person in a white shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man in a gray jacket and white hat is watering a garden .
three men and a woman are playing monopoly .
two men are playing together .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man and a woman are playing on a toy table .
three people are playing monopoly .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a man and a woman are standing near water .
a blond woman in a sweater looks through a telescope .
two girls , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting under a table .
a girl looks through a telescope while another girl watches .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
a girl with glasses is sitting on a bench .
a man hugging a woman .
a couple looking at a ship .
a couple is looking at a large ship .
a couple enjoying the beach at the beach .
a couple looking at the ocean .
two people watching a ship on the beach .
a girl in a green shirt is running in a field .
a girl is looking through a telescope .
a girl is looking at something .
a girl is looking through a telescope .
a girl looking up at a telescope .
a woman is drawing on the sidewalk with chalk .
a woman is drawing with chalk .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a woman is drawing a picture of a woman .
a woman is carrying a piece of art .
a woman is using chalk .
a woman stands next to a pile of chalk .
a woman standing next to a drawing of chalk .
a lady looking at the sidewalk .
a woman is standing by a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man talks to two police officers .
a man talking to security officers .
a man in tan pants and a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man talking to a security officer .
a group of men standing by a wall .
police officers talking to a man .
three people are having a conversation .
a person in a blue shirt is looking at a trampoline .
a tennis player holding a tennis racket .
a man in a green headband is holding a tennis racket .
a guy skating on a rail .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a man is standing in front of a white wall .
two girls are walking down the street .
a person in a green shirt and pink pants is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a man in a coat is climbing up a snowy mountain .
a man in a white shirt is climbing a rope .
two people are standing on a rock .
two people rock climbing .
two people are walking down the street .
a woman is playing chess .
a man singing into a microphone .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man sings into a microphone .
the two dogs are playing in the water .
a man is giving a speech .
a woman smiles at the camera .
three people are playing in the yard .
two girls playing lacrosse on a grassy field .
a teacher is reading a book .
a group of people are working together .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a man working on a project .
a man and a young man are working on a machine .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are working on a track .
a boxer is working on a fire .
two men are doing martial arts .
a man in a gym is jumping in a gym .
a man is getting ready to fight .
a man posing for a picture .
a group of children wearing blue shirts and blue jeans are walking down a street .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of people smiling and smiling .
a group of children are playing together .
four children are playing with pillow .
a group of children are playing on a trampoline .
four children are holding a pillow .
a group of children are playing together .
four children are holding a pillow .
two children are having a pillow fight .
two children are having a pillow fight .
a girl in a white coat is standing in front of a crowd .
a snowboarder in the air .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two people are standing near a body of water .
a man in a white shirt is climbing up a lake .
a skier is performing a trick in midair .
three men in front of a lake .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man in a white shirt is pouring a hotdog from a boat .
a toddler is eating .
a skier flies down a hill .
a person in a blue shirt is eating food .
a child is smiling at a sink .
a toddler smiling .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man is sweeping a hole in a parking lot .
a group of people are standing on a sunny day .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man is pouring a drink .
a large band is standing on a stage .
a group of performers perform for a crowd .
a man on a stage with several other people .
a woman is walking through a field .
a woman is leading a brown dog .
a man and a dog are running over an obstacle course .
a dog runs through an obstacle course .
two men looking at each other .
a man is jumping in the air .
a crowd of people at the beach .
three men are walking down a city street in front of a store .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in a field .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
three men are walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people playing a concert .
a group of people walk by a restaurant .
two women in a city .
two women are playing volleyball .
a person in a white shirt is holding a stick .
a group of people are walking on the beach in the ocean .
a group of people jump for a picture .
a group of people are walking along a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people relaxing on the beach .
a group of people relaxing on the beach .
people hanging out in the sand .
two dogs walk down the street .
two dogs run through a yard with a forest in the background .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
two women are sitting on skis .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a woman in a black dress is posing for a picture .
a band plays on stage .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a group of people in front of a brick wall .
a band performs on stage .
a woman is reading a book .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a tree .
a woman is riding a subway .
a small child is pulling a large alligator .
a child in a blue shirt is holding onto an elephant .
a person in a blue shirt is holding onto a piece of paper .
a woman is sitting on a fake alligator .
a brown dog is lying on the edge of a body of water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a little girl is posing for a picture .
a little girl is smiling at the camera .
a black haired girl in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink dress is dancing .
a little girl is standing next to a body of water .
a group of people are gathered around a tent .
a dog runs through the snow .
four people are working in a lab .
two men are working on a computer .
a group of people working on computers .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are working on computers .
a dog plays in the grass .
an elderly woman in a crowd of people .
a woman wearing a beret is sitting in a chair .
an elderly woman standing in a shop .
a woman in a white dress is lighting a puppet .
a woman is putting a candle .
a small child is jumping in the air .
a young person in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a child jumping in the air .
a child jumping in the air .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an elderly woman looking at a young boy .
a child is watching a child .
a woman in a blue jacket and a boy in a blue jacket are walking down a street .
a man is holding a fishing rod .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a man in an orange shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man pushing his bicycle down the street .
a man in an orange shirt walks down the street .
a black and white dog is standing in a lobby .
a bird is on rocks .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person in jeans and a hat is looking down .
a little girl is waiting for a train .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people at an airport .
boys in front of a statue of a statue .
a man in a black hat stands in a crowded area .
a brown dog and a brown dog walk in the grass .
a group of people drinking beer .
two men are playing instruments .
two dogs run through the grass .
a man is putting something on the back of his car .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two bicyclists ride down a sidewalk .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
two children are standing on a stage .
a girl is looking at the camera .
a rock climber scales a rock .
a young girl with brown hair is holding a stick .
a girl in a purple dress climbing a wall .
a woman in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a man fixing his bike .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a woman standing next to a telephone pole .
a couple dancing and dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
people listening to music at a concert .
a group of people are dancing at a concert .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
two men are working on a bike .
a blond woman holding a bird in her hand .
a man in a uniform is standing on a field .
two women working on a project .
two boys in uniform are practicing martial arts on a balcony .
a small band performs in a bar .
a band is playing music .
a person in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a band plays on stage .
a child is sledding down a hill .
a boy in a baseball uniform is playing a baseball game .
a child in a baseball cap prepares to throw a ball .
two men are working at a construction site .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in a car .
a man in a white shirt is holding a bottle of glass .
construction workers are in the rain .
a person walking down the street .
a construction worker is looking at a machine .
a singer in a black outfit is singing .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a black and white dog is jumping over a white and white dog .
a black and white dog sleeps with two dogs .
a black and white dog sleeps in the snow .
a black and white dog and a white dog .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a blond woman sings into a microphone .
a young boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the door of a window .
a man opening a door .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to work .
two friends are playing in the snow .
an older man sits in front of an art gallery .
a girl climbing a fence .
a child is playing baseball .
several people are taking pictures of something .
a skier is wearing a pink ski suit .
a child is climbing a rock .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man is pointing at a projector .
a man in jeans is giving a presentation .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man is standing in front of a screen .
a girl in a pink jacket is holding a pink umbrella .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a group of people are standing together .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a little girl in a pink shirt .
a guy standing by several papers .
a young person is skateboarding down a ramp .
a person is climbing a wooden wall next to a slope .
a person rides a skateboard down the stairs .
a boy is skateboarding .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in front of a mirror .
a man in a blue jacket and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a white statue .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a body of water .
a girl playing a guitar .
a man rides his bike through the woods .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a young girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a woman is playing an instrument .
three children sitting on a bench .
a woman poses in a green jacket .
a person in a blue shirt is standing on the beach .
a little girl in a pink jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of skiers in the snow .
a man in a wetsuit is doing a flip in the water in the water .
a baby holding a flag .
a baby is holding something .
a little boy waving a flag .
three girls sitting on the grass .
a little girl is writing .
a baby holding a flag .
a group of men standing near a bridge .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man looking at a painting in a museum .
a person is sitting at a museum looking at art .
a man in a suit feeds art .
a man looking at art .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
four people are sitting on a seesaw .
a baby is holding a baby .
a woman holding a baby .
a group of people sitting on a couch .
a boy is opening presents .
a group of children are celebrating .
a child showing off a toy .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a little boy in a blue shirt is smiling at the camera .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a box .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a brown dog is on a couch .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a toy toy .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a white dog catching a green toy .
several young people playing a board game in a grassy field .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking in the snow .
a skier is skiing through the snow .
a skier slides down a hill .
a group of martial artists practicing martial arts .
a large brown dog is sniffing a small dog at a small dog .
a group of men are watching each other .
a group of men in white shirts are fighting .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two men are practicing martial arts .
a group of people are competing in a competition .
a red dog looks at a brown dog .
a group of students are practicing martial arts .
a person wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a woman hiking in a forest .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a man in a turquoise shirt is holding a torch .
three men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting in a boat on a boat .
a group of african american children are digging in the mud .
a man dressed in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
two puppies playing in the sand .
a man is speaking to an audience .
a man is giving a speech .
two dogs are sitting on the floor .
a man and a woman are working outside .
a child is eating food .
a group of people are hugging each other .
two people are hugging each other .
a gymnast in a red shirt and blue pants is performing a routine .
a female gymnast in a red leotard is hugging a woman .
a woman in a red leotard is dancing .
a group of young children are playing in a park .
kids playing with a ball .
three children are playing with plastic balls .
a group of children playing in the snow .
a group of people are sitting in front of a building .
a group of people in front of a house .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a couple walks down the street .
a girl is shopping in a store .
a tennis player is playing tennis .
a little girl is standing in front of a store .
a group of people climbing a rock wall .
two children are climbing around a car .
a group of people are gathered in a rodeo .
a group of skateboarders in a race .
a dog is running through the grass .
a group of skateboarders are in the air .
a group of boys standing around a table .
a group of young boys are standing outside of a building .
two men and a boy are skateboarding .
two boys are doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of men are skateboarding down the street .
two skateboarders are riding on a track .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of performers in a circle in a circle in a circle .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a band is standing in a circle .
a group of people standing in a circle .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of men in scottish garb are playing bagpipes .
two men are standing in a circle .
a person in an orange shirt is riding an atv .
a man is climbing a sand dune .
a person is riding a motorcycle through the dirt .
a track racer is racing on a track .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a woman in a pool in a pool .
a woman in scuba gear is standing in a pool .
a woman scuba diving underwater .
a man is operating a tractor .
a woman scuba diving in a pool .
two children are riding on a road .
a little girl is standing next to a small child .
a girl rides a scooter on a scooter .
a girl is riding a bike .
a woman in a red shirt reaches out of the street .
a little girl is riding a unicycle on a busy street .
a man is riding a bike .
a girl balancing on a unicycle .
two girls are riding on a scooter in front of a brick building .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
two girls are riding on a bike .
two girls are riding a bike .
two children are riding on a unicycle .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of football players playing football .
a man hitting a ball with a bat .
a motorcyclist is riding a motorcycle .
a motocross rider rides on a racetrack .
a motocross rider leans over a bike .
a person riding a motocross bike .
a motocross rider leans into the air .
a motorcycle rider rides on a racetrack .
a young child in a green shirt relaxes in a fence .
a young person is standing outside of a building .
a motorcycle racer makes a turn .
a toddler is sitting on a swing .
a boat in the water .
a group of people are rowing a boat .
a group of people are rowing a boat .
a little boy runs in a puddle .
a boy runs on the pavement .
a little boy in shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the sand .
a little boy is walking on a deck .
two women are playing in a band .
two men playing golf on a sunny day .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
two men playing golf on a sunny day .
a group of men standing near a lake .
three men playing golf near water .
three men are playing golf on a sunny day .
three men are standing outside a building .
a man in a white shirt is watching another man .
a man in a white shirt is watching a woman .
a man in a blue shirt is blowing candy .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a bowling ball .
a man is sitting at a table with a snack .
a child brushing her hair .
a group of musicians holding their equipment .
a girl in a pink shirt is applying her face .
a little girl is holding up a sign .
a woman is standing in a grassy field with her girlfriend in her mouth .
a child poses for a picture .
a blond girl in a white shirt with a white shirt on .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is playing volleyball .
people playing basketball .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a man playing a game with his friends .
two children are playing football .
a young boy is posing for a picture .
a young girl smiles at the camera .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of children at a playground .
a little girl is playing in the grass .
a little blond girl with a green sweatshirt is playing in the grass .
a blond girl in a red outfit is playing outside .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
two people kayaking in a river .
a baby is playing in a park .
a group of people climbing up a snowy hill .
people having a conversation .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
people talking to each other .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
two people are holding hands .
a woman walking at night at night .
the sky in the background .
a little girl is riding a bike .
a girl walking down a dark street .
a person in a white shirt is standing outside at night .
a girl walks down the street .
a girl is walking down a busy street .
a baby playing chess next to a cat .
a man in a black shirt is showing off his talent .
a man is standing in front of a food stand .
a man in a red shirt is standing in the snow .
a vendor selling food .
a police officer talking to a man .
a group of six people in a room .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
a group of people are walking through the rain .
a man is holding an umbrella .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people crossing the street .
a chef is cooking in the kitchen .
a woman getting ready to take a picture .
a woman in a gray shirt and a woman in a gray shirt are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is resting her arm on her arm .
a man in a white shirt is holding a spatula .
a worker in a white shirt is working on a stove .
a man in a black shirt cooking in the kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is working on a stove .
a group of people in red uniforms are playing soccer .
a lady is eating food .
a group of police officers line across the street .
police officers on a street .
police officers on the street .
a man is holding a cup .
a group of people in a room .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike .
people riding bikes down the street .
a group of bikers are standing next to a building .
a man is riding a bike .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a couple is hugging .
a group of people are standing around a store .
asian people are looking at shops .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered together .
a dog is standing on the beach .
a dog swims in the water .
a small black dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a vegetable .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in a kitchen .
a dog swims in the water .
a man jumping on a snowy mountain .
a man in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a man in a hat jumps on a hill .
a man jumping in the air .
a woman in a red shirt is kicking her leg .
a woman in a red tennis outfit is playing tennis on a court .
a man is playing volleyball .
a girl playing tennis .
a person in a winter coat is snowboarding .
a small white boat in the water .
two men are walking together .
a group of people are riding an escalator .
two men wearing orange vests and hard hats .
a woman standing next to a smiling man .
two people are standing next to each other .
a woman holding a balloon stands next to a man holding a balloon .
a woman in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman and a man are standing next to each other .
people riding on an escalator .
two men in hard hats are walking down the street .
a woman in an orange outfit is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a hand .
a woman with a tattoo on her face is standing in front of a store .
a blond woman in a blue dress with her hand sticking her face .
a woman looking at something .
a snowboarder going down a mountain .
two men fighting .
four children are standing in the snow .
a child jumping in the air .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is eating food .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man is eating food .
a man is eating a meal .
a man in a blue shirt eating a meal .
a man is standing next to a table full of food .
a man eating food .
a man is eating food .
a girl with flowers and flowers in her mouth .
a girl in jeans and a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl picking flowers .
a snowboarder flies through the air on a snowboard .
a man in a white t shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are wrestling .
two men are putting a statue of a statue .
a group of children ice cream .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is sitting in front of some art art .
a group of young women are sitting around a table .
people working on a project .
a woman is eating food .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman with long hair is sitting in a chair .
a man and woman are looking at books .
a man in a blue swimsuit is skiing through the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
two children are holding a large piece of cloth .
two boys playing video games .
men playing soccer .
a group of young people are sitting in front of a classroom .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a surgical coat walks down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is shoveling snow .
a group of people having a conversation outside .
a man and his son hiking through the forest .
two people are holding a musical instrument .
a man is on a green lawn mower .
a child sitting in a chair .
a man is conducting a small group of musicians .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is getting her hair done .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a piece of paper .
a woman is cutting her hair .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a lady in a white shirt is cutting something .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman in a white shirt looks at a woman in a white shirt .
a group of people are working together .
a boy and a dog in a field .
a woman in a jacket is walking on a sidewalk .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a woman with a brown purse is walking in front of a crowd .
a woman walking down the street carrying her purse .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a group of people are playing in the kitchen .
two women walking down the street .
two women sitting on a bench .
three women sitting on a bench .
three girls sitting on a bench .
a person is hugging a brown dog .
a man pushing a cart on the road .
a truck is being driven by a truck .
a man and a dog on the road .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man with a wagon .
a man is pulling a wagon on the road .
three children are playing in the water .
a man in a black shirt is standing on the street .
two boys are holding hands .
a child wearing a green jacket and yellow boots is holding a shovel and holding a shovel .
a group of children holding plants .
three children are holding plants .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing in the sand .
three children are sitting on a ledge in front of palm trees .
three children are climbing up water into the water .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people at a party .
a woman is holding a box .
an older couple are eating food .
two asian men are walking with a child in the background .
a woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a dog in a field .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a man carries bags of bags .
a man in a blue shirt is showing his foot .
a person looking out of a window .
a young girl is looking at the camera .
a young girl is playing in front of a video camera .
a young girl is swinging on a playground .
a little girl is playing on a playground .
a dog is crossing the water with a stick in its mouth .
a little girl is playing on a playground .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young woman is taking a picture .
a woman poses for the camera .
two dogs play in the snow .
a baby is in a crib .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man selling food .
a man is pointing at something .
a woman is walking past a man selling food on the street .
a woman is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a vendor is standing next to a food cart while another person walks by .
a man is preparing food from a cart .
a woman is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a man in front of a food cart .
a man talks to a group of people at a restaurant .
a man walks across the road .
people walking in a city .
two people pose for a picture .
a guy in front of a red and white ball .
a man is balancing a ball .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of asian women are gathered around a table .
a woman is planting seeds .
a woman in a green shirt is picking leaves outside .
a person in a field in a field .
a woman is talking to a woman .
a man working on a sand dune .
a band performs in a band .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
three people in black shirts are playing the trumpet in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are playing a trumpet .
a group of men are playing instruments .
three people are performing on stage .
a girl in a pink dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl is dancing in a baseball field .
a girl dancing in front of a baseball field .
a young girl is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
a young girl is performing on stage .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is standing in front of a group of people .
a young girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a little girl is standing in a stadium .
a little girl in a yellow dress is sitting on a bench .
the little girl is wearing a yellow dress .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a girl in a yellow dress is walking in a baseball game .
two people on a river with a city behind them .
a brown dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a man hiking in the woods .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
a man is painting a wall on the wall .
a woman in a bikini top and shorts is walking down the beach .
people crossing a busy street .
a crowd of people crossing a busy intersection .
a group of people crossing a busy street .
a crowd of people are walking across a busy city street .
people crossing the street in a city .
a crowd of people crossing the street .
a group of people crossing a street .
a group of pedestrians walk down the street .
men and women crossing a busy street .
a dog is chasing another dog .
a group of people are working on an escalator .
a woman with a tattoo on her back is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman looks at her cellphone while another woman watches .
a dog runs through the grass .
a white dog is running through the grass .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog runs in the yard .
a child in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a dog runs through the snow .
a person standing in a city street .
a young boy in a field with a wheelbarrow in the background .
a man in a white shirt is holding a drink .
a boy in a pumpkin patch runs through a pumpkin .
two men working in a kitchen .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a guitarist is standing next to a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman working on a house .
a woman is looking up .
a young woman is taking a picture .
a woman is standing next to a doorway .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is working on a project .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is looking down behind a barricade .
a person is looking at equipment .
a baseball team in red and white uniforms are standing in a field .
a woman and a child are laughing .
a woman laying on a sofa with a child laying on a sofa .
a woman in a blue shirt is cleaning water .
a woman is cleaning the floor .
a woman cleans the floor .
people cheering for a soccer game .
a woman cleans up her house .
a woman in a bathing suit is cleaning a rug .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
two girls walk along a rocky shore .
a man with two children and two children sitting on a bench .
two little girls are sitting on a bench .
a parade in a parade .
two girls are holding a sign .
a band marching down a street .
a band is playing music .
a group of people in a parade .
two people standing next to a building .
a man is using a sand net .
a dog tries to catch a frisbee .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man is using a sand sculpture .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a dog runs through the snow .
a person is standing on the beach at the beach .
a woman in a coat walks down the street .
a woman is walking downhill down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is walking in a red coat .
a person walking in the rain .
a young man cutting his nose .
a little girl is drinking a drink .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a brick wall .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a young boy in a blue shirt is climbing a bridge .
a woman is balancing a fruit tray on her head .
a man is reading a book in front of a subway station .
a group of teenagers are playing in a park .
a person rides a bike on the road .
a person is riding a bike .
a bmx biker rides down a dirt track .
a cyclist rides through a path .
a man is riding a mountain bike .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a man kayaking in front of the ocean .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man and woman are holding cellphones .
the dog is running through the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
a group of people are sitting on benches in a park .
a man is sitting on a chair in a chair .
a motorcycle on a racetrack .
a group of people looking at merchandise .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the sky .
children eating food .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a family is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people running on the beach .
a little blond girl in an orange dress plays in the sprinkler .
two asian people are taking a picture in a restaurant .
a group of people relaxing on a bench .
children smiling and smiling .
a man drawing a picture of another man .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a guy doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a court .
a skateboarder jumps over a rail .
a woman in a black shirt is making her hand .
two women are sitting on a table drinking coffee .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman in the street .
a man is climbing a pole on a pole .
a group of girls are sitting on a bench .
a couple dances and dancing .
two boxers are fighting .
cheerleaders at a football match .
a group of people in a large football field .
a football player on a field .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are looking at statues .
a man in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt are sitting at a table .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man working on a bench .
a girl playing on a playground .
a guy sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man sits on a stool at a desk at a desk .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an audience .
a young girl climbing up a wooden structure .
a young man with long brown hair is riding a bike .
two men are fighting .
a little girl is teaching a little girl .
a young girl is playing in the snow .
a donkey pulling a cart on a cart .
a man and a young girl are standing in the desert .
people are driving on a dirt road .
a group of people are in the middle of a country .
several people are walking down a dirt road .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a man and a woman walk away from the camera .
two motorcyclists in the desert .
two cars in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a motorcycle .
two men are looking at each other .
two men are having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench .
a man with a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
two people are talking to each other .
a group of people are pulling carts in a race .
a group of people are making bread .
a man is running with a ball .
four boys are playing in the sand .
people looking at something .
a boy blowing bubbles .
people are gathered in a white room .
a skier skiing through the woods .
a woman in a red shirt is holding a black dog .
a woman and a baby sitting in a chair .
a group of people are walking in front of a building .
a group of people are riding on a cart .
a little girl blowing bubbles .
a dark skinned child blowing bubbles on his mouth .
a child blowing bubbles .
a child playing with bubbles .
a child blowing bubbles .
two women are playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt is paddling a boat .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a boat on a river .
a man is sitting on a raft .
a man is paddling a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is paddling a boat .
two men are working on a construction site .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a baseball player in a red jersey is playing the ball .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men playing in the sand .
a group of people are working together .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a child .
a man in a green shirt is standing in the grass .
a group of firefighters working at a museum .
firefighters working on the ground .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs are running in the grass .
two dogs running on the grass .
four dogs running in the grass .
a man in a uniform is standing outside of a building .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a man is standing on the sidewalk talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is playing on the beach .
a man playing tennis on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the ball .
a man is standing on the beach at the beach .
a guy holding a paddle in the sand .
a person riding a bike .
a woman is holding a bike .
a person walks down a busy sidewalk .
a woman pushing a bike .
a person fishes in the ocean .
three older men are standing behind an older man standing behind two older men .
a black and white dog chewing on a toy toy .
a black dog with a toy in its mouth .
a black and white dog is running .
a black dog is standing next to a black dog .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a group of men are cutting a fish .
a man and a woman in a church .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two fisherman are fishing .
a group of people looking at something .
two guys playing a game of basketball .
a man in a black shirt talking on the phone while talking on the phone .
a black and white dog is standing in a field .
a man in shorts and sandals is walking down the sidewalk .
a young girl in a bikini is jumping into the water .
an african american male smiling .
people are walking down a street .
a black man with a mohawk on his face .
a bald man smiles and smiles .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding balloons .
a man and two children are sitting on a bench .
a young man is standing on a patio .
three people are walking down the street .
a man selling food on a table .
a group of indian women are selling chips .
a man is holding something in his hands .
men cooking on a street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of an elevator .
a man and a woman are sitting in a room .
a woman and a man sitting on a couch .
three teenagers are sitting on a couch .
a woman and a man shopping for groceries .
a boy laying on a couch .
a child rides a cart in a cart .
a man and a woman are standing in a dark room .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs are pulling horses .
a man is pulling a cart on a cart .
two dogs are pulling a group of children .
a little boy is pulling a horse in a carriage .
three people standing in front of a blue wall .
three people standing by a wall .
a group of people standing near graffiti covered wall .
three people standing next to a wall .
three people standing next to a wall with graffiti on it .
a lady is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walks by a purple wall .
a woman walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black dog is running through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is riding a bike on the beach .
a woman is driving a bike on a dirt track .
a dog runs on the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog with a muzzle in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
the black dog is running .
a black and white dog is racing .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are looking at a bicycle on the ground .
a man helping another man fix a dirt bike .
a man in a black shirt talks to another man .
two men are fixing a bicycle .
two men drinking beer .
an asian woman is listening to music .
a man and a woman are standing in a restaurant .
a man is holding a tray of food .
a couple having a conversation .
a woman with a ponytail wearing a red and white uniform is standing in front of a crowd .
five men are performing on stage .
five people sitting on a stage .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people are standing in front of a tent .
a group of men are sitting in chairs in front of tents .
a group of young boys standing behind a row of flags .
five guys sitting on a stage .
two people holding food .
a baby laying in a bed with a dog .
two men are walking down the street .
three people are doing yard work .
three people in a backyard .
two dogs stand in front of a food stand .
two men are standing next to each other .
the dog is laying down on the grass .
two elderly men are reading a book .
a group of men are sitting in chairs reading newspapers .
men reading a newspaper .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two older men are reading a book .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a baby is sitting next to a dog .
a group of elderly people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people eating in a park .
a group of people holding signs .
a person waits on a motorcycle .
a group of bicycles in the street .
a large group of motorcycles in the background .
a motorcycle is driving down a busy street .
a motorcyclist is taking a turn at a crosswalk .
two men playing a musical instrument .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of men playing instruments .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are walking their dogs .
a yellow dog and a brown dog are in the grass .
a man is using a coffee cup .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a brown dog is standing in front of a tree .
two indian boys are having a good time .
a young couple dance and dancing .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a man in a blue shirt walks down the road .
a group of people are dancing .
a baseball player throwing a ball .
two women are dancing .
a man prepares to throw a baseball .
a person sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a lady sitting on a bench .
a lady is sitting on a bench next to a sculpture .
a woman in jeans and a striped shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a skateboard .
a girl is performing a skateboard trick .
a young child is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard .
a girl is doing a skateboard trick .
a man in a white shirt is flying over a fire .
the brown dog is laying on the grass .
a man in a white shirt is working on a pipe .
two men are working on a pipe .
two men working on a project .
two men working on a project .
a group of people are working together .
two construction workers are welding .
a man and a woman are welding a pyramid .
two men are welding metal .
a lady is standing in the sun with her umbrella .
a man in the middle of a boat in the ocean .
a woman in a white shirt is looking over her head .
a woman standing under an umbrella .
a woman in a white shirt holding an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
a person is biking down the street .
a baby takes a bath in a pool .
a boy with a gun and a gun .
a man is working on a boat .
a little girl riding on a ride .
a man is fixing a fishing net .
a woman sits next to a fruit stand .
a little dog is running in the snow .
a man is riding a bike .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle .
a bike rider on the road .
a biker is riding a bike .
a biker rides through the road .
a biker is running along a dirt road .
a person is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bicycle on a bicycle .
two men talking to each other .
a couple is sitting next to a dog .
a group of people in the ocean .
a man throwing an object into an empty field .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two men playing a game on the beach .
a person is painting a picture .
a painter is painting a picture .
a woman in a black jacket is standing outside of a building .
a painter uses a sewing machine .
two dogs racing in a race .
a black and white dog runs along the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs run through grass .
a white and white dog is running along the grass while people watch .
two dogs run on the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
men holding guns .
a group of children waiting in line .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman reading a paper .
a couple posing for a picture .
a bride and groom posing for the camera .
a couple posing for a picture .
a couple is posing for a picture .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of men in business suits sit in chairs .
a group of people having a conversation .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are working on a project .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a football coach is giving the ball to the ball .
the sun sets the sun .
a young surfer jumps over a large wave .
a bride and groom getting married .
a person is looking at the water .
a group of people are playing in the grass .
a man is standing on the beach .
a group of people climbing up the tower .
a man in a white shirt is eating something .
a woman in a blue shirt is laughing at a man in a blue shirt .
a man is sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a group of students laughing .
a man is sitting in a walkway in front of a brick building .
a group of dogs are standing in a field .
a woman dressed in winter clothing is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking through the snow .
a surfer surfing in the water .
a surfer in blue rides a wave .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a surfer surfing in the ocean .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man drinking in the dark .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a guy is drinking beer .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is drinking beer .
four children playing in the sand .
a boy is playing on a slide .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping off a slide at a playground .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a child is jumping in the air .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in a crowd .
a homeless man is sitting on a bench in the sun .
a dog chases a rope .
a man is riding a bike .
a street vendor is getting ready to go down a street .
a man is sitting on a bike with supplies .
a man is riding a bike in front of a group of people .
a woman with a scarf on her head is standing outside .
a dirt bike rider in the air .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man is flying a model airplane .
two dogs are sleeping on a couch .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a man is looking down in a marketplace .
a man is standing in a forest .
a man in a bright green coat is looking down at a marketplace .
a man is shopping at a market .
a dog is rolling around on a porch .
a dog is laying down on the grass .
a dog on a porch .
a brown dog is sitting on the front of a house .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
a man in front of a body of water .
a dog is being held by a dog .
a man in a black coat is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is playing a game .
a group of girls playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is conducting a large coca cola truck .
a group of people are standing on the side of a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a truck .
a man is driving a truck .
a man is driving a truck .
soldiers in front of an audience .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people having a conversation .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a truck .
a man in a white shirt driving down a road .
a man driving a vehicle .
a group of people are playing music on a small stage .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog chasing a ball .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog chases a ball in a field .
a dog is chasing a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog in a field .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a construction worker in the water .
a man is swimming in the water .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a man is wading in the water .
a little girl is sitting at a grocery store .
a child is playing with a computer .
a child and a woman are standing on a computer .
a person is petting a dog .
a party party at night .
a young girl is petting a cat .
at a grocery store .
a little girl with brown hair is holding a dog .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people at a convention .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a wheelbarrow in the street .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to climb a vehicle .
three women having a conversation .
a man with long brown hair and glasses is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are hiking in the snow .
three young ladies are walking down the street .
two middle eastern men are preparing fish in a kitchen .
two men are running on a track .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a group of people competing in a race .
three teenagers are playing soccer .
a man and his dog in the yard .
a group of people performing in a room .
a woman is standing at a train stop .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
two children are playing soccer in the grass .
two children playing basketball on a sunny day .
a group of children are running around a marathon .
two children are playing soccer in a field .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a large group of people gathered around a large gathering .
a team of men are standing on a field in a stadium .
a group of people on a field .
a team of football players stand on a field .
a group of men pose for a picture .
a baseball player in a red jersey is playing a game .
a worker in an asian country is smiling while holding a camera .
an asian man is giving a picture of a photographer .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling and smiling .
an asian man poses for a picture in front of a building .
a man is taking a picture of a tour sign with a sign .
two boys playing soccer .
two boys playing in a field .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children are playing in the sand .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a person poses for a picture .
a woman and a girl play with two dogs .
a man is standing at the edge of a bridge .
a man is getting his shoes shined .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a horse on a sunny day at night .
a group of people gathered around a construction site .
a white dog runs along the beach .
a man is standing in front of a mountain .
a man is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an orchestra is waiting for a performance .
a man is playing piano .
a man is walking down the street .
three sisters standing on the beach .
a group of people are gathered at an outdoor market .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man is singing on stage .
a runner is running in a race .
a group of people walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is drinking coffee .
a group of women in winter clothes are walking down a sidewalk .
a woman points at something .
a group of students are sitting on benches in a forest .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a kid is juggling juggling balls .
two men in front of a fire .
a woman is waiting on a platform at a train station .
a man and a woman are standing together .
a man in a white shirt is looking at merchandise .
a band plays on a stage .
a group of people are playing soccer in the sand .
two women are riding horses .
a girl is posing for a picture .
a young man is jumping over a rail .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a blue object .
a man in jeans is holding something .
an older man in an orange shirt is holding an object .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man working on a concrete block .
two girls are riding horses .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
two children playing soccer on a field .
a person is walking on a sidewalk .
two children are running on a sidewalk .
a woman lies in the shade with her mother .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
three children stand near an umbrella .
a woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a boy in a green shirt is laughing with his friends .
soccer players in a field .
a baseball player catches a baseball .
several horses running on a racetrack .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is cleaning the street .
an indian man is standing in a train station .
a crowd of people in public transportation .
a shoe is sitting on a bench .
people standing in front of a wall .
a group of people pose for a picture .
six people standing in front of a stone wall .
six people posing for a picture .
a couple performs on the street .
two older men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a group of people walking through an alley .
a man and a woman in front of a building .
people walking down an alley .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people are eating a meal outdoors .
a group of people are eating food .
a woman rides a bike .
a family gathers with flags .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a blue jacket is riding a bike .
people are walking down a street .
a man is holding a boy upside down on some rocks .
a man playing with a young boy .
a boy is hanging upside down on a trampoline .
a man is holding a young boy .
a man is holding a boy upside down in the water .
a vendor selling food on the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man selling various animals on a street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is selling different animals in the street .
a person in a blue shirt is running down a street .
a group of people walk past a food cart .
people walking in a city .
a man stands next to a food cart .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on the street .
a vendor in a red shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a large dog stands on a crowded street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two boys are posing for a picture .
three people pose for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
three people pose for a picture .
people standing in an empty area .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a family playing on a grassy field .
a man is looking at wood .
a man in a blue shirt is using tools .
a man working on a project .
a man working with wood .
a woman in a white dress is standing at a podium .
a woman in red stands in front of a group of men .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in front of a wall .
a woman with brown hair and red jewelry is applying lipstick .
a woman is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a woman standing next to a man with his back turned .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a woman in a black jacket .
a woman in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are looking at something .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
a woman and a man are standing in front of a building .
three people are enjoying food in a restaurant .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man leaning against a tree .
a man in an empty pool swimming pool .
a young boy is sitting at a table in a yellow and blue cloth .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a young boy sleeps with his face on a plate .
a young boy in a blue shirt sleeping .
a boy sleeps at a table .
a young boy is sitting at a table at a dinner table .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
three people are standing in a field .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a home .
a hockey player is sitting on ice .
a goalie in a blue jersey is playing hockey .
a man is playing hockey .
a soccer player in a red jersey is tackling the goal .
a man and a woman are sitting at a casino at a casino .
a young girl is playing a card game .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are getting ready to take a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is giving a speech .
a man in a white t shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a room full of people .
a man is giving a presentation at work .
a man sitting on a bench listening to music .
a group of people walking down the street .
a person is holding something .
a woman is eating a hotdog .
a woman holding a tray of food .
a group of people are eating food .
a woman is eating a hotdog .
a man is doing a trick in the office .
a man in a white shirt is mixing something .
a man in a yellow shirt and black pants is sitting on the ice .
a child is doing a back flip while another child watches .
a doctor is talking to a patient .
a woman in a hospital gown is wearing a hospital gown .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a patient .
a doctor in a gray sweatshirt and blue hat stands next to a woman in a gray hat .
two women sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a doctor .
a woman is helping a patient .
a doctor is standing in front of a patient .
a doctor is sitting in a hospital .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man is waiting to cross the street .
a man is holding up a sign .
a man is holding up a sign .
a man standing in front of a sign .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
three construction workers working on a road .
three people are working together .
construction workers working on railroad tracks .
three construction workers clean up the road .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a group of men wearing orange coats .
three men are standing outside of a building .
three men are standing outside of a building .
two men are working on a construction project .
three men are walking down the street .
two people talking in front of trees .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are standing next to each other .
two people having a conversation outside .
two people are walking down the street .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a person riding a bike .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a person is jumping on a bike .
a couple is dancing in a grassy field .
a person riding a bmx bike .
a kid is riding a bike in the woods .
a man in a suit is dancing .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a woman and a man are walking down the street .
a man in a white jersey is playing soccer .
a man paints a picture .
a woman taking pictures of pigeons .
a group of children playing in the sand .
a soccer fan runs after a ball .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a woman in a red jacket is walking down a street .
a child hugging his mother .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a child is looking at an adult .
a man and a woman are holding signs .
two teens hold up a sign .
a group of people are holding signs .
a doctor is trying to fix a patient .
a man and a woman holding a sign .
a group of people are gathered for a picture .
a man and a woman holding a sign .
a man and a woman are holding signs while holding signs .
a man and a woman are holding signs .
two couples are standing on a street .
two adults are holding a sign .
two children , one in a blue shirt and the other in red , are standing in a classroom .
two people hold a sign .
two people are holding a sign .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a man is flying a kite .
a skateboarder does a trick at a skate park .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a young man in a blue shirt is bowling in the air .
a skateboarder is skateboarding .
a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a girl looking at a horse .
two dogs play in the snow .
a child is watching a dog on the side of a fence .
a girl and a girl are riding a horse .
people at an art exhibit .
a group of children are reaching from a baby in front of a fence .
a group of people are looking at a piece of art .
a crowd of people having a conversation .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of people are looking at a poster .
a woman in a pink skirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man sitting on a bench at a cafe .
a man is waiting for a train .
a man is sitting at a restaurant .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man on a ladder cleaning a window .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning the window of a ladder .
a person wearing a hat is sitting on a bench .
a man is working on a ladder .
a man cleaning windows .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
people playing soccer .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing in a forest .
a shirtless toddler is holding a bird in front of a forest .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a yellow dog playing with a soccer ball .
a dog playing with a soccer ball .
a dog is playing with a hula hoop in the yard .
a dog plays with a ball .
a person in a white shirt is making an egg .
a woman in a coat stands in front of a store .
a woman with ice cream .
a man stands in front of a cow painting .
a person walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a painting .
a man is climbing up stairs .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a bike .
a group of people are riding horses .
a police officer holding a gun .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a crowd gathers on the street .
a group of people listening to music .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man surfing a wave in the ocean .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man with his face covered in his face .
a man is kneeling in a garage .
an older man is working on a project .
a man is surfing a wave .
a man working on his knees .
three people are standing next to each other .
a man standing next to two women .
two women are standing next to each other .
a man standing next to two women .
a man standing next to two women .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a woman dressed in black is walking past a woman in black .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a woman is holding a large purse .
a woman walks past a gate .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman holding a bag is holding a bag .
a group of people standing at a gate .
a train station .
a man is giving a speech .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two guys playing in the snow .
four men playing a game of basketball .
a group of people walking on a sunny day .
a large red car with a blue stripe on it is on a busy street .
a train station .
a group of people on a train .
a man in front of a building .
a young boy is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a podium .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a child is reading a book in a church .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a person is welding in the air .
a man working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is making a funny face .
a guy welding a metal pipe .
a man in an orange shirt is working on a sculpture .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is working on a project .
the giraffe 's face is on the ground .
a black and white cat is walking on the beach .
a black and white dog with its mouth open .
the giraffe is lying on the ground .
the giraffe has a face on its nose .
a construction worker in a plaid shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is welding a piece of equipment on the ground .
a man is welding a piece of metal .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a red shirt is standing in front of a man .
a child is watching a santa ride .
a man is sitting in front of a desk .
a group of people are sitting next to a notebook .
a small child sitting in a chair .
a man is writing on a notebook .
a man sits next to a pile of papers .
a worker in a hard hat is working on a construction site .
workers in a boat in the water .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a child is sleeping with her eyes closed .
construction workers are working on a project .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a small boy in a red jacket is standing next to a small boy .
a child laying in a pile of leaves .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a man in white pants and a white shirt is bending down on the sidewalk .
a man is holding a rope in his hands .
a man giving a speech .
a man is waiting for a bus .
a man is looking at a telescope .
a woman is looking at a museum .
a group of people are gathered on a lawn .
a man in a blue shirt is handing a piece of paper .
a brown and brown dog is running through the grass .
a person in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in sunglasses sings into a microphone .
a guy playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
a surfer rides a large wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave in midair .
a surfer is surfing on the beach .
a man and a woman are wearing hats .
a group of people working on a farm .
two cats are planting leaves .
a group of people are cleaning up plants .
two construction workers wearing turbans .
a group of people are standing on a cliff .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing next to each other .
a man in a suit is standing next to a man with a backpack .
people waiting for a train .
a white dog runs through water .
a dog runs through the ocean .
a young boy in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a barber shaves his head .
three men are taking a picture .
a soldier is taking a picture with his dog .
a young man is riding a bicycle .
a group of 4 people are kneeling down on a bench .
a man is serving cake .
a group of people sitting around a birthday cake .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a man is cutting a birthday cake .
two girls in the middle of a road .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
children playing soccer .
soccer players playing soccer .
two children playing soccer on a soccer field .
boys in red and yellow uniforms play soccer .
a little girl in a green shirt is standing in the background .
a woman in a yellow dress is standing next to a building .
a child dressed in yellow stands next to a group of people .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl in a pink dress stands in front of an orange pot .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a girl in a yellow dress is standing in front of orange pots .
a young woman poses for the camera .
a man working with artwork .
a girl is holding a cat .
a shopping cart with a shopping cart .
a man jumping in the air .
a woman and a child at an airport .
one man is taking a picture of another man .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man taking a picture of his friend .
a person doing a flip on a trampoline .
a person is taking a picture of someone .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in an airport .
a man is doing a back flip in the air .
two boys at a bmx park .
a person does a trick on a skateboard .
a man rides his bike while another man watches .
a man riding a bmx bike .
people walking in the snow .
a girl is standing in the rain .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young girl enjoys the rain .
a girl in a red jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a child is standing on a rock .
a girl in a pink shirt is holding a goat .
a person is climbing a truck .
two guys are riding a boat .
a man and a woman are sleeping on a bench .
a man is looking at a piece of paper .
a homeless couple is sleeping on a bench .
men sleeping outside at night .
two people sleeping on the floor .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
people practicing martial arts .
a group of people performing on a stage .
a person is suspended in the air .
a group of people are watching a bicycle race .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a bride in a white shirt and a groom in a white dress are walking down the street .
a group of men are sitting on a milk crate .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a woman sits under a painting .
a woman sitting in a museum .
a person sitting on a bench .
there is a picture of a man in a white shirt with a light look on his face .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a young woman sits on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men playing instruments .
a bird in the water .
a man in a gray shirt is getting ready to ride his skateboard .
a skier is doing a flip in the air .
a brown dog is biting a paper .
a young girl in a pink shirt is holding her luggage .
a group of people standing near a car .
a young girl in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are gathered at a station .
people walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are watching something .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down a street .
two people in a park with a trailer in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is touching another person in a forest .
a woman in a black shirt is holding a man 's hand .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the wind .
a man and a woman are standing together .
a couple posing near a building .
a group of people on stairs .
two couples stand outside of a building .
people standing in front of a building .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are taking a photograph .
an outdoor marketplace full of shops .
a man in a black shirt is selling money .
a dog runs through the water .
a black and white dog is walking through the water .
a dog is running through water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a pool .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy diving off a board .
a boy is swimming in a pool .
a man is jumping off a diving board into a pool .
a child swimming in a pool .
a man and a woman are riding a bicycle down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman dressed in colorful costumes .
people are walking down the street .
chefs working in a kitchen .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people working on a car .
a man in a blue shirt is helping another man .
a group of people are looking at a car .
a car parked in the road .
two young men are preparing food in a kitchen .
a girl is holding onto a log .
a group of men and women are playing in the sand .
a girl in a pink shirt is watching another girl dance .
people dancing in the street .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a girl in a pink shirt is watching another girl dance .
a girl in a red leotard is dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women dancing in the road .
two women dancing in the street .
a group of people at the beach .
two young people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people are working in india .
a man and woman are holding hands and walking through home .
a group of people are in the snow .
a man and a woman hug each other .
a bride and groom are hugging .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a man and a woman are getting married .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a man is skateboarding on a rail .
a young boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a skateboarder rides down a ramp .
two children playing with toy balls .
a dog runs with a toy in his mouth .
a boy playing with a toy toy .
a boy laughing .
a man in a white shirt is working on a piece of wood .
a man is fixing a roof on a roof .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is standing on top of a house .
a man working on a roof .
a man is doing a handstand on a snowboard .
a man working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof on a roof .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man working on a roof .
a construction worker working on a roof .
a man is working on a project .
a little girl is taking pictures .
a group of people are standing in a crowd .
a crowd of people gather in a crowd .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people holding flags .
a group of people are gathered around an event .
a group of people are playing in a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people are standing under flags .
a group of people under a tent .
a group of young people are gathered around a table .
a group of young people gather under tents .
a group of people gather in front of flags .
a large crowd of people holding flags .
a man in a white shirt is lying down in front of a microphone .
a barefoot man sleeping on a stoop .
a large group of people gathered around a large gathering .
a man is laying down in front of a door .
a woman in a white shirt is cooking .
two boys playing baseball .
people preparing food in a kitchen .
three people are cooking .
three people are cooking in a kitchen .
three people are preparing food .
a man and a woman are working outside a building .
a child is riding a bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is taking a photo .
two dogs run in the grass .
a black and white dog is sleeping in a car .
a woman rides a bicycle .
a brown dog and a brown dog are playing with a brown dog .
a brown dog with a brown dog with a brown dog in the background .
a little boy is sitting on a red car pulling a toy doll .
a small brown and brown dog plays with a toy toy .
a brown and brown dog with a pink toy in its mouth .
two little kids in the back of a car .
a golden retriever is running through a car .
two children are sitting on a stoop .
two friends are preparing food .
a woman is sitting on a bench looking at something .
a group of young girls look at the camera .
a girl looking at art .
a woman in blue jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a girl is skiing on skis .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a person skiing in the snow .
a child skiing down a slope .
a woman preparing food in a kitchen .
a woman is preparing food in a restaurant .
a group of people playing music on a road .
a woman wearing gloves , gloves , gloves , and gloves is standing in front of a counter .
a race car is being held by two cars .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a pole .
a band is marching down the street .
a band performs on a street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on the beach .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is running down the street .
a boy falling into the sand .
a woman is walking down the street .
an old person is pulling a cart on a cart .
a group of people in the road .
two hockey players are competing in a hockey game .
two hockey players , one in blue and the other in white and the other in red , are playing hockey .
a group of hockey players stand on the ice .
two hockey players in white and white uniforms are playing hockey .
the referee is blocking the puck .
a man swings at a tennis ball .
three dogs look at a toy toy .
two young people playing with a drum .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two children are playing a drum .
two children playing with a musical instrument .
two children are playing soccer .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman is playing a violin outside .
an old man in an orange shirt is holding a drum .
a man in a white shirt is cutting something .
a man in a white shirt is loading the contents of a vegetable truck .
a man in a blue shirt is loading a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a cart .
a group of women are waiting by a bus .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman standing next to a bus .
a woman is standing next to a bus .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a purple sweater is standing with her arms crossed and her arms crossed .
three women are standing next to each other .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
two women are carrying luggage .
two women standing near a building .
a woman standing next to a light light light .
two men are sitting on a bus .
two men fighting in martial arts .
people standing next to a bus .
a group of people are standing on the road .
a man is walking down the street .
two men are standing in front of a bus .
two women eating a meal .
a group of people are eating food .
a woman sitting on a bench near water .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are laughing .
two workers are sitting on a bench .
construction workers are sitting on a bench .
construction workers are sitting on a bench .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
two men wrestling in a wrestling match .
a woman in a grocery store is looking at meat .
two boys wrestling in a gym .
a band plays in the street .
two men wrestling .
a woman sits by a body of water .
two men are drinking at a table .
a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans is bending over to the ground .
a woman washing her laundry .
a person is doing laundry on a clothesline .
two men are eating food .
a horse is running through the grass .
a brown dog jumping over a hurdle in a competition .
a horse is jumping over a hurdle .
a man is riding a bike .
a man sleeping in public transportation .
two horses competing in a race .
a child with a camera is holding a camera .
a young child is taking pictures .
a woman playing the violin .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a girl is playing the violin .
a woman in a white shirt is playing an instrument .
two dogs racing each other .
dogs racing around a track .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
two dogs are competing in a race .
three people pose for a picture .
a child dressed in pink and pink is standing in the street .
a little girl is standing outside at night .
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike through a wooded area .
a bicyclist rides down the street .
a person walking in the dark .
a person walking down the sidewalk at night .
a bridge on a bridge .
a man smiles as he smiles .
a man is looking at a man in a white shirt .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting and eating .
a motorcycle rider on a racetrack .
a group of people are eating food .
a group of people are eating food .
a group of people are eating food .
people are sitting at a table eating food .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
two men are playing tennis .
people are eating food .
a group of people are standing next to a building .
a group of people are eating food .
a group of people eating .
people are eating in front of a wall .
two men are playing tennis on a tennis court .
two men are playing tennis on a field .
two men are playing tennis .
two men talking to each other .
two men are talking on a tennis court .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a man is teaching a tennis racket .
two men are playing tennis .
a man is teaching another man to play tennis .
two men playing tennis .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a girl is standing outside of a building .
a man in a white dress is standing in front of a building .
a girl in a pink dress is standing on the sidewalk .
a little girl in a pink dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a child is standing outside of a building .
a young girl is walking down the street .
a young child is sitting on a bench with a woman in a pink shirt .
a person is blowing on the wind .
two dogs are running together .
a man in a white shirt is riding a bike in a forest .
a man taking pictures of a mountain .
two dogs in a swimming pool .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs swimming in a pool .
a man sitting on a sofa in front of a bridge .
a man sitting on a sofa under a bridge .
a man sitting on a sofa under a bridge .
a man is standing in front of a pile of trash .
a man is sitting on a couch surrounded by trash .
a man in a white shirt is sitting under a wooden bridge .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a homeless man sleeps on a sofa .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man in an orange shirt is looking at something .
a man playing tennis .
a man playing tennis .
a group of football players are practicing on a football field .
a group of people are celebrating .
a boy runs along the beach .
a dog is holding a leash .
a dog is waiting for a walk .
a man in a white shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a dog play in the snow .
three people are walking down the street .
a little girl is sleeping with a book .
a boy looks up at a red parking meter .
a man eating a piece of candy .
a child is holding a plate of food .
a man feeding another man .
a young person is lying on a piece of candy .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a dog is on a leash .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a waitress is cutting fruit in a kitchen .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man taking a walk .
a dog in the snow .
a man walks his dog .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is standing in front of a store with a cat on it .
a family walks down the street .
a man selling fruit .
a woman reading a newspaper at a station .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs along the beach .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a large brown dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog plays on the beach .
a man sitting on a bench next to a subway stop .
construction workers are working together .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
a crowd of people are gathered around a ramp .
a ramp on a ramp .
a large pile of dirt behind a sign .
several people are standing in front of a hill .
a group of workers working on a bicycle .
a man looking at produce .
a man is buying food from a food stand .
a man is looking at food .
a man picking out fruit at a market .
two women looking at something .
two girls are leaning against a wall .
two ladies looking at something .
a woman with a cigarette in her mouth .
a guy sitting with sunglasses on his head .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man in a tuxedo is speaking into a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is playing the violin .
a guy is walking across a stage .
a man carrying a saxophone on stage .
a man is playing a saxophone .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar on the grass .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
a referee is competing in a hockey game .
a hockey player in a white jersey is attempting to block the puck .
two hockey players playing with hockey .
two hockey players chase each other as the referee runs away from the referee .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking along the sidewalk .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are working on a computer .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
two people talking to each other .
two men having a conversation .
a couple posing for a picture .
an asian woman in an asian dress is looking makeup .
a woman with a pink shirt and white pants is sitting on a chair with a pink tablecloth .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man is walking down the street .
a lady looking at candy .
two children are sitting on a pile of leaves on a beautiful summer day .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
a man in a black coat and gray scarf is walking past a fence and a man in a black coat .
a person walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman with a brown dog and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a person in a jacket walking down a sidewalk .
a little girl is standing in front of a small dog .
a woman is standing in front of a body of water .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a woman in jeans and a tank top stands on a sidewalk .
a woman and a dog are standing next to a metal structure .
a woman in jeans and a white shirt is standing in front of a metal building .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a young girl sits at a food store .
a little girl sits in a cart .
a toddler is in a shopping cart .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two men working on a stage .
a man wearing a helmet and a helmet is riding a bike on a dirt road .
a man wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is performing a trick on a bicycle .
a man is performing a trick on a bicycle .
a man is doing tricks on a bike while another man watches .
a man is performing a trick on a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man falling out of a lake .
three women on a boat .
a woman in a black jacket is standing in front of a store .
a man is holding a guitar .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young child is holding an object .
a little boy shows off a toy .
a little boy in a christmas tree stands in front of a christmas tree .
a young boy is playing with a shovel .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
the swimmers are getting ready to swim .
a group of people are walking up a street .
a group of people are dressed in black and black .
a group of swimmers swimming in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a group of people waiting in line .
two people are standing near the shoreline .
a woman and child enjoying the sunset .
a mother and son are sitting on a bench .
a woman and her son walk down the street .
a rally car race .
the car is racing .
a car drives down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a road .
a man on a cellphone talks on a cellphone .
a black and white dog is petting a dog .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
cheerleaders are performing on a stage .
a bearded man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a man is holding a drink .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a band plays on stage .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a person sitting on a bench .
a band plays a song .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a child is jumping in the air .
a crowd of people watch a child in a crowd .
a person is holding a flag .
a group of people wearing colorful costumes .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
people are walking down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman dressed up in costumes .
a man and a woman are dancing on the street .
a woman in a costume is standing in front of a young woman .
a woman in a colorful costume is applying makeup .
a group of adults sitting on a bench .
a group of people are dressed in costumes .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a young girl in paint paint .
a black and white dog runs through the snow .
a man painting a mural .
a group of people are sitting at the edge of a staircase .
a dog playing with a ball .
a group of children are playing outside .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of children are waiting for a trampoline .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
two children , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are playing a game in a park .
children are playing in a pool .
people riding on a river .
four people are posing for a picture .
a small boy is holding a little boy 's hand .
a man looking into a bag .
a man in a white shirt walks down an alleyway .
a man is walking down the street .
a person working on a project .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man walks down an alleyway .
a man is walking down the alley .
a man is walking down the street .
three men are standing on a rock overlooking the water .
two dogs look at something on the ground .
a group of people are watching a rock band .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a building .
a man working on scaffolding .
two women are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of women are shooting champagne .
two girls in a martial arts match .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a man is riding his bicycle .
a crowd of people are standing on a platform .
a man is climbing up a wall .
a person climbing a rock .
a man is climbing a cliff .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man with a guitar is playing his guitar while playing his guitar .
a man is playing an instrument in a plaza .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
children playing in the sand .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people running through a field .
a young man in a red shirt is standing in front of a red brick building .
a person wearing gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , and
a man in a red shirt holding a tree branch with a tree branch .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman is sitting at a grocery store .
a group of people practicing on stage .
a conductor in a white shirt is playing the drums .
a construction worker looking into the crowd .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a snowboarder doing a jump on a snowboard .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a man and a dog on a dune .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench with his eyes closed .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is lifting up a girl 's hair .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a young girl in a pink shirt is walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people are holding umbrellas .
a woman carrying her luggage .
a baseball player runs towards a base .
people walking down a street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a baseball player runs towards the base .
a group of people in a park .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two men stand next to a boy in a blue shirt .
two soldiers pose for a picture .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a small boy sits with a group of war .
people laughing and laughing .
a man and a woman are talking on a cellphone .
a group of skiers are skiing .
football players on a football field .
a group of people in the snow .
two people are skiing in the snow .
three people are laughing .
two people jump over snow .
a man sleeping on the floor .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man laying down on a bench .
two scuba divers in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a white shirt is working on a project .
a child is practicing karate .
a kid in a yellow shirt is performing a karate move .
a woman is cooking meat on a grill .
a boy blowing bubbles .
a woman standing in front of a microphone .
a woman with a green shirt and black pants is posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man and a woman are standing in front of an airport .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
two girls are swinging on a swing .
a group of people are overlooking the mountains .
two girls are playing on a swing set .
two dogs play in a grassy field .
two dogs are running in a field .
a child jumps in the air .
a little girl in a green shirt jumping in the grass with a black scarf in her hand .
a group of people are swinging on a swing .
a girl is running in a field .
a child is holding her mother .
a group of people are playing in the water .
two people are playing in the water .
a woman and two children are playing in a pool .
a woman standing in a fountain holding a baby .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
people walking up a narrow street in front of a building .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of people are walking up a hill .
a woman taking a break from her bicycle .
a young boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man is laying on a grassy hill next to him .
a young child in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a baby eating a cheese stick .
a woman and a woman are sitting on the grass in the grass .
a man and a woman laying on the grass .
a child eating a snack .
two men are taking a picture .
a man is taking a photo .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a woman is getting her hair done .
two young men are walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture .
a man taking a picture of another guy .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a man is holding a camera .
two friends playing on a field .
two teams playing soccer in a soccer game .
two women are cleaning dishes .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking on their heads .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are getting ready to carry their bags .
two women are carrying bricks .
a woman is holding a baby in her hand .
a girl poses in a tree .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking on a path with a cigarette in her hand .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walks up a path .
a lady carrying a bag on her head .
birds fly in water .
a woman grilling meat on a grill .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a woman is cooking meat .
two women walk down the street .
two dogs are running in the snow .
a man jumps over a large white dog .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people talking to each other .
a group of people sitting and talking .
two people are sitting in carts .
a group of friends talking to each other .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
a man is jumping in the air .
six runners running on a track .
a group of people are competing in a martial arts race .
a dog in a field .
a man playing tennis .
a football player in a red jersey is playing with a football .
a child is preparing food .
a young person wearing a blue shirt and red pants is walking down the street .
a young man is playing football .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a group of people walking down a path .
a bride and groom walk down a path .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a group of people walk past a lamp on a sunny day .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking through a park .
a bride and groom are walking down a sidewalk .
a bride and groom are walking in front of a wedding .
a bride and groom walk down the street .
a bride and groom walk down the aisle .
a man throwing an onion .
a baby is posing for a picture .
two old men are playing instruments .
a baby smiling .
a baby smiling .
a baby smiling .
a girl in a pink shirt is blowing bubbles .
two men having a conversation .
a group of people are sitting on the grass .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
two men are standing next to each other .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man with a camera is speaking into a microphone .
a man is giving a speech .
a man with a camera gives a speech .
a man is giving a speech .
a group of people at a party .
a person is walking down a busy street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a woman walking down the street in front of a man and a man .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black jacket and black pants is walking down the street with a bag on his head .
a woman in black walks down the street .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking towards the camera .
a group of people are hanging out of a building .
three women and a man are smiling .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a group of people are sitting on a bed .
a group of people are sitting on benches .
a woman in a white shirt is bowling .
a woman is playing a game in a game .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
people walking on a street .
a large dog runs through a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a dog is running through the water .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing the guitar .
a man with a beard is holding a beard .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
a bearded man is playing a guitar with his guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
an older man is holding a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is leaning against a wall playing a guitar .
a man playing the guitar .
a bearded man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a man with a beard leans on a wall .
people are walking through a market .
five people are sitting in a boat .
a young boy is writing at a desk .
people standing under an airplane .
a group of people are walking down a walkway .
people looking at an airplane .
a boy is writing in a notebook .
a plane flies over an airplane .
a toddler is rock climbing .
a group of people are sitting on a boat .
a little boy balances on rocks .
two men are sitting in a boat .
a group of people relaxing on the floor .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a boy is getting ready to jump .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man smiles and writing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
people climbing a rope .
a man is working on a roof .
a person in a pink shirt is climbing a rope .
a man is riding a bike .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt stands next to a vehicle .
a worker in a hard hat is working on a construction site .
two men are working on scaffolding .
a man in a hard hat is working on scaffolding on a rocky scaffold .
a man in an orange vest is trying to repair a man in a red vest .
two men are working in the air .
a man is standing next to a taxi car .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man stands near plants .
a man is taking a picture of his wife .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man on a cellphone talks on a cellphone .
a man is working in a kitchen .
a man with his face covered in his face .
a man with a mask on his face .
a man with a mask is taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is standing in front of a sign .
a person wearing a mask and a mask .
a man is standing on a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
two men are playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a red bowling block .
two men playing basketball on a basketball court .
a guy making a basketball shot .
a woman laughing .
a family is walking down the street .
a woman wearing a scarf on her head .
a woman is brushing her teeth by a dog .
the brown dog is jumping in the air .
a baby is sitting on the floor .
a baby is sitting on the floor .
a baby is laying on the floor .
a young child in a white shirt is sitting in a house .
a bald baby is sitting on a couch .
a young child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is jumping into the air .
a baby is wearing a blue shirt .
an african american baby crawling on the carpet .
a black baby crying .
two children are playing on a blanket .
four people are playing a game in a park .
two dogs are in the grass .
four children sitting on a bench .
four children are sitting under a blanket .
a man working on a house .
two people are sitting in hay .
a young man wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of cyclists are sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is reaching for the london olympics .
a man is playing tennis .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is playing tennis .
a man in a red shirt plays in front of a referee .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a man in a red shirt is swinging at a tennis ball .
a tennis player prepares to hit a tennis ball .
a tennis player in the middle of the court .
a group of people playing tennis .
a little boy plays on a tree .
a little girl in jeans and a gray jacket is walking through a tree .
a man smiles as he smiles .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing a tree branch .
a man is sitting on a bench next to a trashcan .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is drinking a drink .
a man is holding a drink .
a man is holding a bottle in his hand .
a man holding a beer .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
a group of people are walking down the street .
four people are standing in a wooded area .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a group of tourists on a trail on a trail .
a man sitting at a table posing for a picture .
a couple smiling and smiling .
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
a man and a girl are talking to each other .
a young man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people in a building .
a baby is cleaning the floor .
a woman is giving a baby a bath .
people walking down a city street .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
people standing in the subway .
a baby is cleaning the floor .
a group of men are standing on a platform .
a golden dog is running through the snow .
a security officer dressed in black and white is handing out a tray of newspapers .
a person in rain gear is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in the snow .
people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
people sitting on a bench .
two middle aged men and a woman are smiling .
a girl walking on the sidewalk .
a red bike with a red helmet on .
a girl carrying a sign .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a group of people gathered around a podium .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
a soccer team is preparing to play soccer .
runners in a race .
a woman sitting in a food market .
a woman is sitting in a lot of vegetables .
a woman sits in front of baskets of vegetables .
a woman is selling oranges in a market .
a woman is sitting in front of a large wall .
a person in a coat is sitting on a bench in the city .
a soccer team dressed in green and green .
a blond boy holding a butterfly on his head .
a man preparing food in a kitchen .
a soccer team in red and white uniforms are playing soccer .
a man is looking at the camera .
a bride kisses her bride .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
five people in the water .
a group of people are standing in a river .
a man is holding a microphone while a couple dances .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a group of people are kayaking .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a woman is standing in front of a food stand .
a dog plays in the pool .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a blue toy .
a group of people in a boat .
a group of people in a boat .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people are paddling in the water .
a group of people in a boat .
a dog is holding something in its mouth .
two men stand in front of a dock .
men in a boat in a boat .
six men are sitting on the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt and a little girl with a little girl are sitting on a bench .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding a small child .
a child is pulling an item from a bag .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching a man .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young boy with a hat and a hat is holding a camera .
people walking past a building .
two men are working on a rooftop .
a man in a blue shirt holds up a protest sign .
two dogs play in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is looking at something .
three women walk down a street .
three women are walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
a dog runs through the water .
a man working in a lab .
a man is praying .
a person is playing pool in a pool .
a little girl is playing pool .
a woman is playing pool .
a woman in a white shirt playing a game of billiards .
a woman in a white shirt is playing billiards .
a woman in a blue blouse is playing pool .
a woman is playing pool in a pool .
a woman is playing pool in a pool .
a golfer in a white shirt and blue jeans is hitting a ball .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a pool .
a woman is playing pool in a pool .
a lady in a white shirt is holding a toothbrush .
a woman is playing pool in a pool .
a woman is playing pool in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a dog catches a frisbee .
an asian man points at an asian woman .
a group of people climbing a mountain .
a band is performing in the spotlight .
several people are standing in the snow .
a group of people hiking up a snowy mountain .
a woman playing the drums in a band .
a group of musicians perform on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
a band is playing music .
a little girl in a pink shirt and a little girl in a pink shirt are walking down the street
a man is walking down the street .
a businessman walks with his bags .
a man with a black suitcase walks past a shop .
a man is walking down the street .
three women talking on the steps .
a man in a white shirt is cooking on a stove .
a woman in a chef 's apron is cooking .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a young girl is posing for a picture .
a girl is posing for a picture .
a person laying down in the grass .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl is laying down on the grass .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a person walking in the snow .
skiers walk up a snowy slope .
a white dog is swimming in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a person is carrying a snowboard over a mountain .
a group of people are cleaning the snow .
a man and a man are playing in the water .
a woman standing in a subway station .
a group of people are preparing for something .
a group of people work on a boat .
a ship is being loaded .
a ship is being loaded by a ship .
a ship is being towed by a ship .
a group of people are standing on a dock next to a fire car .
a group of people are standing in front of a car .
a group of people are working on a train .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a large group of people are standing next to a trolley car .
a group of people at a dock near a boat .
several men are waiting next to a boat .
men standing next to a boat .
a group of people standing next to a boat .
two men are standing on a dock .
two men are standing next to each other .
two children are playing in the snow .
two young boys are digging in a yard .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two boys play at the beach .
two dogs are playing in a yard .
two boys are playing in the sand .
two dogs play in the snow .
five dogs running in a field .
a young child is playing with hula hoops .
a girl in a pink shirt is playing with a string .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a baseball player playing baseball .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a pitcher prepares to throw a pitch .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a hat plays a guitar .
a musician playing the guitar .
a musician is playing a guitar .
a man in a cowboy hat is singing into a microphone .
a baseball player tries to catch a baseball .
two girls , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are performing on stage .
a group of children looking at artwork .
two young girls are walking down the street .
a group of young girls are sitting on a sidewalk .
two girls , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are making a craft .
a person is sitting on a bench in front of a store .
a bird is flying through the water .
a man in a bikini is jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a church .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in an alley with an umbrella .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a church .
a man in a white shirt is holding a sign .
a man in a red shirt is selling food .
a merchant is standing outside of a building .
a vendor selling goods on the street .
a man selling fruit on a building .
a man selling fruit .
a snowboarder in mid jump .
a kid on top of a ramp .
a young man performs a trick on a skateboard .
a woman jumping in the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
police officers looking at papers .
a woman sitting with a police officer .
an overweight police officer and a woman are sitting in front of a car .
a man in a blue shirt is crying .
a man sitting on a sidewalk .
a man sitting with his head in his hands .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a man with tattoos on his head is holding a microphone .
a man and a woman are shopping .
a dog and his owner are on the beach .
a snowboarder in the air .
a child sits in the woods in the woods .
a blond girl with blond hair is walking on the sidewalk .
a snowboarder is doing a trick in front of a building .
a black man in a white shirt is boxing .
two boxers fighting .
two guys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are throwing fencing .
a man and a woman are fighting .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a snowboarder on a snowboard .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is standing in front of a yellow building .
people walking down a street .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a man in a jacket is standing in front of a building .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is cooking with a dog .
a woman is standing in a kitchen with a dog .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing food for food .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a kitchen .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a black and white dog looks at a woman in a white shirt .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a water bottle .
a little girl swimming in a pool .
a little girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the beach .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a toddler stands by a swimming pool .
a person is watching something .
a woman in a hat is standing in a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is directing people .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are preparing for a picture .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are playing a video game .
a photographer takes a picture .
a biker wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a man in a green hat is sitting in a chair reading a book .
two people under an umbrella .
a man in a baseball cap is signing presents .
a woman in a white shirt is writing on a piece of paper .
a santa fan reading a book .
a man is signing a book .
two children shopping at a grocery store .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a snowboarder in the air .
a father and son playing with toys .
a group of teenagers are playing with a rope .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a bathroom .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a jacket playing a drum in front of a store .
a woman with orange hair is holding an orange object .
two boys playing soccer .
two men are playing soccer .
a man and a woman are playing soccer .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a red shirt are playing basketball .
a group of men are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt punches a punching bag .
a father and son play together .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman are looking at a display .
two children are looking at something in a display .
a group of people playing music .
a group of people walking down the street .
an older woman wearing a blue uniform is standing in front of an older woman .
a group of people are holding yellow signs .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are holding signs .
a group of people in yellow vests are walking down a street .
people holding signs .
a group of people are walking up a street .
a group of people dressed in white are walking .
a marching parade in a city area .
a group of women at a party .
a woman in a cap is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing on the side of a street .
a snowboarder in the air .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a city square .
two women are dancing .
a man in a colorful costume playing the accordion .
an old man is playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a
a man and a woman sitting on a couch .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people are holding drinks .
a group of people are crossing a street .
a man listening to a woman .
a group of people gather around a table with drinks .
a man sitting on a couch .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is holding a plate of food .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs play in the yard .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man standing on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing next to a security sign .
a snowboarder is laying down in the snow .
two young girls are sitting under a street .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman is holding a large telescope .
a woman looking at the sky .
a woman is looking at a telescope .
a young child sits on a bicycle .
a group of people are hanging from a building .
a child poses for a picture .
a child is riding a bike .
a man playing the violin .
people looking at something .
a young boy is sitting on a bike with his bike .
a family is riding on a motorcycle .
a group of dancers are performing on stage .
two men waiting in line .
a young boy in a blue shirt is pointing at something .
two police officers are taking a picture .
a man is standing next to a police car .
a man in a white shirt is riding a bicycle .
a police officer is taking a picture of a police officer .
two men are standing next to each other .
a bird is on rocks .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a basketball .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a bar .
a baseball player dribbles the ball .
a family is walking down the street .
a dog and a child in the snow .
a boy is hugging a dog .
a child hugging a dog in the snow .
a boy and a dog hug each other on a porch .
a boy in a jacket is hugging a dog in the snow .
a boy is hugging a dog .
a small child and a dog are walking in the snow .
a little boy and a dog in a field .
a young boy in a dark blue jacket is standing in front of a building .
a boy and a dog play in the snow .
a boy and a dog play in the snow .
a boy is holding a dog in the snow .
a parade in a parade .
a marching band performs on stage .
a group of musicians perform on stage .
a boy and a dog are standing next to a fence .
a motorcyclist with a white helmet riding a motorcycle .
a group of people on motorcycles .
several men riding motorcycles .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
two construction workers fixing a building .
a group of motorcycles parked on a road .
two dogs chase each other .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
two women are holding their arms .
two men in a race car .
three children are sitting on a bench .
a group of hikers climbing up a rock .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is spraying water in the water .
a group of people on a snowy mountain .
a woman is looking at something in the air .
a child drinking a drink .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a clown smiling .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
two women looking at a cellphone .
a child in a blue shirt is walking in the woods .
a man in a tie is speaking into a microphone .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man is rolling a cart down the street .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man in a white shirt is looking through a microscope .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is holding a stuffed animal .
a group of musicians are sitting with their instruments .
six men are sitting on a bench playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of men playing instruments .
a lady sitting on a park bench .
a woman is sweeping the street in a parking lot .
three children are sitting in a room .
a man is holding a poster .
a lady in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a brown shirt is standing next to a brown building .
two people are walking down the street .
an elderly woman cleans the sidewalk .
four dogs in the snow .
a man holding a young boy 's hand .
a man reading a book .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a magazine .
a man in a plaid hat sitting in a lawn chair reading a magazine .
a woman looking at a menu .
a group of children at a playground .
two children are playing outside .
two children are playing with a toy toy in a field .
two children playing with a horse .
two men are performing on stage .
a woman in a pink dress is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are having a conversation .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy sitting on grass .
a young boy is sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching an event .
a boy in an orange shirt sits in the grass .
a child in a green shirt is standing in a forest .
a boy sitting in a field in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy is sitting in a field in a field .
a boy in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young boy in an orange shirt is sitting in a field .
a boy is sitting on a stool in a field .
people eating in front of a store .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a waterfall in a waterfall .
a group of children are holding hands .
a family posing for a picture for a photo .
a group of children are posing for a picture .
a waterfall flies over a waterfall .
people are putting their face on a square .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man on a cellphone talks on a cellphone .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a construction worker making a call .
rock climbers climbing up a rock .
two older men are working on a project .
two men in traditional skirts are riding a truck .
men in green skirts are standing at the top of a vehicle .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a cat looking through a microscope .
a large building .
a group of people are walking down a sidewalk .
a large group of people are walking in a large building .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people are setting up a stone structure .
a group of people are selling produce .
people walking through the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are shopping in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a group of people are getting ready to jump .
two men and a woman are enjoying a bar .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a group of five young men standing at a table .
six people are standing in a crowd .
five guys standing around a table .
a man working on a railroad track .
a group of people waiting in line .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a woman in a striped shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt stands behind a bus .
a girl is looking down a street .
a woman is standing next to balls .
a man on a field in a field .
a man is eating ice cream .
an ambulance is on the road .
a woman in a pink top is standing in front of a crowd .
three kids in a gym watching a basketball game .
a woman preparing food .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people are standing on the street at night .
a woman is preparing food .
a busy city street .
a lady is cooking food outside .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a crowd of people are walking in a city .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a surfer is surfing on a surfboard .
a surfer is riding a large wave .
two dogs chase each other in the snow .
an elderly woman looking at something .
two brown dogs play with each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is talking with a microphone .
a man is giving a speech .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a dj in a blue shirt is performing a trick .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a small black dog and a man are standing next to each other .
a small black dog biting its tongue out .
a black and white dog is lying on the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a truck parked in the grass .
three people sitting on the grass .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a musician playing a guitar .
a person sitting on a bench .
an old man playing an accordion on the sidewalk .
a dog plays in the water .
a black dog playing in the water .
a black dog swims in the water .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a bird is on rocks .
a dog is holding a stick .
a dog runs through the snow .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person in a wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
a surfer is surfing on an orange board .
a surfer is surfing on the beach .
a woman is holding money .
a surfer is in the middle of a wave .
a skier on a snowy mountain .
a man climbing up a mountain .
a group of teenagers are showing off their laptops .
a group of young asian students perform on stage .
a group of teenagers sitting in a room .
teenagers are sitting on a bench .
a group of asian teenagers are standing in front of a blue and red tent .
a man stands looking at ice cream .
a man in a black shirt looking at a wheelbarrow .
a little kid is playing with a barrel .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt are riding a bicycle .
a girl in a red shirt playing frisbee .
a girl throwing a frisbee .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people at a food stand .
two men playing frisbee .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a red shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
three men and a woman are looking at a bicycle on a bicycle .
a group of young football players wearing yellow and white uniforms .
a group of children play in a park .
a group of people are gathered in a snow covered area .
a man looking at a glass window .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt is playing field hockey .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is handing out water from the water .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting at a table .
an older couple posing for a picture .
a pony is being chased by a cow .
a man is playing a guitar .
a child in an orange shirt is holding a child .
a man in a brown shirt playing a guitar .
a woman in a blue shirt is leading a girl on a horse .
a kid in a blue shirt slides down a slide .
a person is going down a slide .
a young child plays in the snow .
a parade is getting ready for a parade for a parade .
a toddler and a man are playing with a hula hoop .
a man is teaching his son to a golf ball .
a man and a child play outside .
a man in a red shirt is playing with a ball .
a man and a child play outside .
a man in a black shirt is standing near a crosswalk .
a man in a blue shirt is vacuuming the bed of a truck .
a man is doing a martial arts move .
an airplane is in a room .
a young boy competing in a karate match .
a young man in a karate competition .
a young boy is practicing karate moves .
a man in a white shirt is performing a dance .
a young man in a karate competition .
a man with a blue belt is posing for a picture .
a man in a martial arts uniform is practicing martial arts .
a man practicing martial arts .
a band performs on stage .
a rock band is performing on stage in front of a church .
a rock band is performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
five men are working on a roof .
two children are playing in the sand .
four men are performing on a stage in front of a building .
a band is performing on stage .
a group of men at a game .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people performing on stage .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child looking into the woods .
a man with a balloon on his head is holding a family .
two children hugging each other .
two children hugging each other .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a cart .
a man selling items on the street .
two children are standing next to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a torch on the road .
a group of people are having a conversation .
two hockey players in the goal .
a man shaving his face .
people holding signs .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a fire .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is holding a sign .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man with a mustache is working on a fire .
a group of people are taking a picture .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a hotdog .
a bald man is standing outside of a building .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a city street .
a group of people are selling drinks .
people are selling meat .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a butcher uses a knife to cut meat .
a man in a black shirt is sitting at a table .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is standing in front of a vegetable stand .
a man stands next to a drink .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a table .
a man looking into a window .
a dog swims in the water .
a man in a white shirt selling drinks on a shelf .
a group of people waiting for a train .
a woman is looking through a toy car .
a group of students are waiting for a ride .
two policemen are riding horses .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a person is throwing an object into the air .
a woman in shorts and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a woman prepares to throw a stick .
a woman is about to throw a stick .
a woman in a white shirt is playing in the woods .
a woman throwing a stick .
a woman on a dirt road .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is jumping high in the air .
a group of people climbing a cliff .
a woman in a yellow tube top is wearing a yellow tube top .
people rock climbing .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl is playing in the snow .
four people at a football station .
a girl in a pink shirt is dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are playing tug of war .
a man sitting on a bench talking on his cellphone .
a boy in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
two men are putting rocks into a hole in the road .
a group of men wearing safety vests and hard hats are standing in a field .
two men are walking down the street .
five men wearing safety vests and hard hats are standing in a field .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a construction crew working on the road .
a construction crew working on the road .
three men wearing orange vests and hard hats are standing in a field .
a group of people riding in a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a firetruck .
a group of men riding on a truck .
a truck drives on a gravel road .
a person in a black shirt is crouching in a street .
a woman in a jacket and hat drinking coffee .
a woman is sitting in a tent .
a woman is standing next to a child in a blue shirt .
a young girl wearing a pink shirt and a girl in pink .
two women are watching an exhibit .
a bearded man with a beard is holding a beard .
an old man wearing a black tank top is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in the sun .
a man in a blue uniform and a man in blue .
two guys having a conversation .
people talking outside of a building .
police officers are standing outside of a store .
a man sweeping an empty wooden pond .
a man sweeping in the air in a backyard .
a man is sweeping a pile of wood .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a pond .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap is wearing a baseball cap .
a man in a white shirt is doing some yard work .
a man is under a christmas tree .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are standing in the grass .
a man in a hat is cleaning out of an empty pool .
a man in a black jacket is looking at garbage bottles .
a man in a red tie speaks to a group of people .
a group of people wait for a train .
two men are competing in a race .
a man with a tattoo on his arm .
a woman in a brown skirt is standing on a sidewalk .
three women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting at an outdoor table .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a sailboat in the water .
a boat is sailing .
a cruise ship is on the beach .
a person is drawing a picture in a barber 's chair .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
a man dances with a woman .
a lady on a sidewalk looking at something .
a woman is carrying a purse .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman on a city street .
a woman is walking across the street .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a building .
two dogs play in the snow .
a brown dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a group of people at a table .
runners race through a hill .
an elderly woman is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting in the sand .
a policeman is smiling at a woman .
a woman in a blue sweater sitting on a bench .
a girl in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a black sweater and a scarf is sitting on the beach .
a woman sitting on the beach in front of a rock .
a girl in a black jacket is walking in a blanket .
football players playing in front of a large crowd .
a man holding a card .
a woman is standing in front of a fireplace .
a woman in a white shirt is walking towards the camera .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a person in a blue shirt walks down the street in front of a large clock .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of musicians playing music .
four children are walking down a street .
a group of people are holding numbers .
a man and a woman are holding a kite .
a young couple is walking down the street .
a man and woman talk at an intersection .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are enjoying ice cream cones .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a black man in a white tank top runs past a man in a white tank top .
a group of people eating in the snow .
a man and a woman are having a good time .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man is walking up a sidewalk in front of a couple of people .
a boy in a blue shirt is kneeling on the ground .
a man and a woman are eating snow .
a group of children are playing at a table .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a deck .
a man is standing in front of some tents .
a woman pushing a stroller .
a football player in a red uniform is taking a shot .
a man in a white shirt is working on a computer .
an african american man in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people working in a kitchen .
a group of people at a market .
people walking towards a house .
a group of people in the middle of a neighborhood .
people walking towards a building .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a field .
a man is walking down the street at night .
a man with long brown hair and a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man with long hair is walking down the street with his hands .
a man walking across a crosswalk .
a person wearing jeans and a blue shirt is walking down a street .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a man with long hair is wearing a backpack .
a man in a gray shirt is carrying a backpack across the street .
a man wearing a backpack is wearing a backpack .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing next to a mountain .
a woman is standing outside of a hospital .
a boy laughing .
two young boys play with toys .
a child in a costume is standing in a parade .
a group of chefs are gathered around a table with drinks .
six men eating .
a boy in a red shirt is playing with a hula hoop .
a group of people in a field .
a small boy is eating a picnic .
a chef is looking at something .
a chef is looking out the window of a window .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a chef is looking out the door of a door .
a group of people are gathered in front of trees .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a bird flying through water .
a bird flies through the air .
a girl is eating candy .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a boy jumping in front of a brick wall .
construction workers working on a fence .
three men are hanging around a table .
two men look at each other in a hole .
three men working on a construction site .
three construction workers are on a construction site .
three men in yellow jackets are standing in a hole with one another .
a group of people in hard hats are working on a project .
two men are walking down the street .
two men wearing hard hats are working on a construction site .
a group of people at a concert .
a man in a white shirt is eating hamburgers .
a person is sitting in front of a mountain .
two guys at a sporting event .
a woman is teaching a class of women .
a woman is standing in front of a class of students .
a group of women are listening to a presentation .
a group of women are gathered in a classroom listening to a speaker .
a group of men in a room .
a man is playing a video game .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is giving a presentation .
a woman giving a presentation .
a group of people listening to music .
a group of people are sitting on bleachers .
a large group of indian women with indian indian .
a group of people in a classroom .
a little girl is jumping in the air near a lake .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a torch .
two soccer players trying to get the ball from the ball .
a woman is putting a golf ball .
a golfer wearing a white shirt and black pants is getting ready to hit a golf ball .
a lady in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a blue shirt is driving four men in a field .
a group of people are carrying a wheelbarrow on a farm .
a group of people are riding a tractor on a racetrack .
four men are riding a john deere tractor .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a football coach looks at the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is on a basketball court .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game at a game .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a game .
a boy is jumping up in the air .
a soccer game on the field .
men playing music in a park .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white dress is looking into a mirror .
a man in a white shirt holding a broom .
a city street in the rain .
a man sweeping a narrow street .
a biker jumps for a race .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a javelin in a rodeo .
a bull is being chased by a bull .
a man in a blue shirt is conducting a bull .
two men are playing musical instruments .
a man is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a group of people at a carnival .
two men are walking down the street .
a person is standing in front of a building .
a person is riding an atv .
a man playing a trumpet .
children playing on a hot day .
two women dancing on a street .
children playing in a fountain .
girls sitting on a dock .
young children play in the water .
a group of people playing in the water .
a black and white dog is standing on its hind legs .
a black and white dog walks towards a sidewalk .
a dog runs through the snow .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man in a red shirt is sitting at a fair .
a man working at a carnival .
a young lady is sitting on a small trampoline with her arms crossed .
a woman is throwing a bottle of water .
a woman is sitting on a trampoline .
a motocross race racer in the air .
a biker is riding a bike .
a dirt biker rides his bike .
a girl making a snow angel .
a rider is riding a dirt bike .
a bicyclist is riding a bike .
a group of kids dancing and dancing .
a child looking at fireworks .
a cyclist is jumping over a railing .
a boy is riding a bicycle .
a boy is riding a bike .
a person doing a trick on a bike .
a man is riding a bike in the woods .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a person looking at a dog .
a group of people standing in front of an atm machine .
a woman looking at something .
a woman watches a man watching a man .
a woman in a blue shirt stares at a nail .
a man in a white shirt is holding a towel .
a group of soldiers walk past a restaurant .
a police officer is smiling at a woman .
a young man sits at a table looking at his food .
a group of kids playing soccer .
a wrestler is watching a wrestling match .
a group of children playing soccer .
two boys are riding a skateboard .
a group of children playing soccer .
two men standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are sitting on a train holding a bag .
a woman is taking a ride .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a woman with a bag is walking down the street .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man is pulling a rope in the water .
a woman making yarn .
a person standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is making yarn .
a woman is making yarn .
a woman is making yarn .
a woman is using a loom .
a woman in a black shirt is working on a project .
a woman is using a loom .
a woman is working on a project .
a man in a hospital gown is standing in front of a store .
a woman working with yarn .
a woman is holding a rope in a room .
a woman is spinning yarn .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a dog chases a ball .
a dog swims with a ball in its mouth .
a dog is running on a gravel path .
a dog runs after a ball .
a dog is trying to catch a ball .
a dog in the woods .
a man and a woman dancing .
a brown and white dog walks down the street .
a group of people dancing .
a dog with a stick in his mouth .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
the basketball players are playing basketball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a man in a blue cap is holding a blue cup .
a baby is chewing on a toy .
a group of people walking on a bridge .
a basketball player in a white jersey is attempting to block the basketball .
a woman in a white shirt is applying lipstick on the floor .
a woman is standing in a cardboard box .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is fixing something .
two clowns talking .
a man is getting ready to cook meat .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a group of men dressed up in costumes .
two clowns standing together .
a clown is standing next to a crowd .
a group of clowns are standing together .
two clowns dressed up in costumes are standing together .
two clowns pose for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is holding meat .
a group of men are praying .
a group of women are dancing .
a group of men are standing in front of a group of women .
three men are performing on stage .
two men are performing on stage .
a group of men are dancing .
three men are having a conversation .
a group of friends having a good time .
three men are singing and singing .
a baby in a swing .
a group of people climbing a rock wall .
a man is working on a sculpture .
a man working on a piece of art .
a man sculpting ice hockey .
a man in a jacket is standing in front of a building .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing a game .
two girls swimming in a pool .
a football player in a blue uniform is holding a football .
a football player prepares to throw the ball .
a football player in a blue uniform is holding a football .
a football player in a white jersey is running on the field .
a football player holding a football .
a football player is about to throw the ball .
the doctors are performing surgery .
a dog jumps over a man .
a girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are standing on a street .
three dirt bike riders are on the street .
a man playing with a ball .
a girl jumping over a tunnel .
a football player prepares to kick the football .
a man in a blue shirt is playing football .
a man is playing with a ball .
a girl in an orange shirt is holding an orange cone .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling at the camera .
a girl is playing with a cone .
a girl is playing with her hair .
two girls playing on a playground .
two girls are playing on a playground .
a man is about to kick a soccer ball .
a man is playing football on a field .
a man prepares to kick a football .
a man on a field in a field .
a man is playing football on a field .
a child laying down on a red mat .
a motorcycle drives down the street as people walk by .
a child in a red coat is sitting on a table .
a child is sitting on the floor .
a child is standing on top of a truck .
a baby wearing a red and white striped shirt .
a brown dog jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown and white dog is running over the water .
a little girl is swimming in a pool .
a man is swimming in the water .
a black and white dog barking at the water .
a man throwing a ball .
a man throwing a ball into a pool .
a girl in a blue baseball uniform throwing a soccer ball .
a girl throwing a softball .
two girls playing softball .
a girl throwing a ball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a young girl in a softball uniform is playing softball .
a woman is running in the rain .
a market market is sold .
a woman selling fruit .
a market selling vegetables .
two men , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a
a snowboarder in the air .
two construction workers are on the beach .
a fireman on the side of a building .
a group of people are reading a book .
a man is relaxing on a bench .
a group of people at a corner .
a man is looking at a woman .
a man looking across the street .
a man in a gray sweatshirt stares at the city .
a man is playing soccer on a field .
a man is standing on top of stairs .
a football player in a red shirt is playing soccer .
a child in a blue shirt is holding fabric .
a football player tries to tackle the ball .
four performers performing on stage .
two girls laughing .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two people share a laugh .
two women are laughing .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a factory .
a man is sitting on a bench next to a man with a cane .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a man with a beard pushing a shopping cart .
a busy city street .
an orchestra plays music .
two men are wrestling .
street vendors are making food .
passengers are riding a train .
a mother and her daughter walk down a snowy hill .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting corn .
a man in jeans and a white t shirt prepares food in a kitchen .
a boy poses for the camera .
a white boy is cooking food .
a young boy in a blue shirt is cooking .
a young boy in a blue shirt is cooking in a camera .
a man is preparing food .
a man in a white shirt cutting food with a knife .
a man is cutting tomatoes .
people standing near a body of water .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a bride and groom are standing in front of a creek .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people walking down a street .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
people having a conversation .
a woman talking to another woman .
a girl in a blue shirt is talking on a football game .
two people are having a conversation on a television .
two football players are having a conversation .
people walking on a city street .
a man in a hat is walking through the desert with a lot of trees in the background .
a man is walking across the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking in the desert .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a desert suit stands in the desert .
a person in a hat is walking down a sand dune in front of a black and white cloudy sky .
a man is walking on a sand dune .
a person is walking down the street .
a person walking up a hill in the sand .
a person walking down the street .
a man carrying a bag walks through the desert .
a man walking in the desert with an umbrella .
a woman walking on the beach with a camel in the background .
a man is walking in the desert .
a person is walking through the desert in the desert .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a young man is sitting at a fountain talking on his cellphone .
a man with red hair is sitting next to a water fountain .
a person climbing a rock .
a group of spectators look on as spectators look on .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
the beach is on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting coconuts in the air .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a boy pulling a toy car .
a brown dog biting a cat .
two women are walking down the street .
a lady in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a woman is drinking beer with friends .
a man and a woman under a blanket .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a creek in a grassy area .
a creek runs through the water .
a group of people are sitting in a grassy area .
a group of people in the middle of a field .
a creek runs through a grassy area .
a man is drawing a picture .
the photographer is taking pictures .
a photographer is taking a picture .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
this picture is a picture of this picture is a picture of this picture .
a white lab sits in front of a bush .
a little girl is sitting in front of a hut .
a little girl is standing under a hut .
a white lab sits on a bed .
a little girl is sitting in front of a door .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people watching an airplane .
a crowd of people gather around a monument .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people are gathered around an airplane .
a group of people at an event .
a brown , brown , and brown cat on a leash .
the giraffe is lying on the ground .
a black and white dog is rolling on the ground .
a brown and brown dog is jumping over a white lines .
the giraffe is wearing a long sleeved skirt .
a group of people talking to the rain .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a group of people walking in the rain .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is cutting the fruit .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are in the middle of a market .
a woman in a blue shirt is cutting the fruit .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at the fruit .
two dogs look at each other .
a woman is making a face .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a young girl in a red dress is blowing her red hair .
a young girl is sitting on a couch .
a dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
people are standing outside of a store .
a woman walks past an old couple holding a bag .
a woman walks down the street .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a bride and groom on a wedding day .
a group of men and women standing together .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
children playing instruments .
a group of teenagers in a city square .
an asian child sleeps in a book .
a boy is reading a book .
a young boy reading a book in a classroom .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding an umbrella .
a biker is riding a bike .
a singer in a black dress is performing a song on stage .
a man and a woman perform on stage .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is fixing a piece of metal with a tool in his mouth .
two men are inspecting a bike .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
two guys are working together .
a basketball player dribbles a ball .
a young boy is shooting a soccer ball .
a group of people are watching a baseball game .
two boys are playing basketball on a field .
two women crossing the street .
two women are walking together .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child in a black shirt shooting a basketball .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
doctors are performing surgery .
a group of people are watching a surgery .
a doctor in a green shirt is performing a surgery .
a man in a white shirt is using a sewing machine .
doctors performing surgery .
a group of people are kissing .
a woman in a white shirt is making a conversation .
two children are splashing in water .
children playing in the water .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
kids playing with water .
two children are playing in the water .
a girl is making yarn .
a baseball player holding a ball .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man with a hat is sleeping in the airport .
a person in a white shirt is looking at an airport .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man asleep on a bench with his eyes closed .
a man with a hat is sleeping at an airport .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench with his hands .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man throwing a ball .
a child playing soccer in the air .
a child is jumping in the air .
a young boy is playing soccer .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a child is kicking a soccer ball .
a person in a white t shirt is sitting on a skateboard .
a skateboarder is sitting on a skateboard .
a skateboarder is riding a board down the street .
a kid sitting on a skateboard .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two dogs run in the grass .
police officers standing on the street .
police officers are standing outside of a building .
police officers standing by an airport .
a police officer is working on a motorcycle .
a police officer and a police officer on the street .
a woman in a tan jacket and a woman in a tan jacket are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are standing in a crowd .
a man is giving a speech .
a group of people are listening to music .
a crowd of people are cheering .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a woman is eating food .
two guys in a shop .
a group of people sitting in a room .
students are sitting at a restaurant preparing food .
three people are hanging from a coffee shop .
people are working on computers in a cafe .
a woman pushing a stroller .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl is watching a pitch .
a little girl is jumping into the water .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a crowd gathers for a concert .
a group of people listening to music .
a man in a white shirt is playing a banjo .
a man in a white shirt is performing a concert .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man is doing a handstand on stage .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man talking to another man .
three men looking into the distance .
two men are riding a bull .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man in a white shirt is loading dishes from a kitchen counter .
a young man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing outside a building .
two people having a conversation .
a teenage boy is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man is playing the violin .
two children are on a boat .
a child is playing in the snow .
three people are walking down the street .
a girl is throwing leaves .
the little girl is throwing the ball up in the air .
a man with his eyes closed looking at something .
two men and a woman standing in front of a theater .
a bull rider is riding a bucking bull .
a man wearing protective gear is riding a motorcycle .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bull .
a baseball player holding a bat .
several people on a baseball field .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a group of people are playing baseball .
a baseball player gets ready to hit the ball .
a baseball batter tries to hit a baseball .
a baseball player wearing a white shirt and white pants is preparing to hit a baseball .
a baseball player in a red jersey is playing a baseball game .
a man is pointing at a man 's hand .
a man selling goods .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are selling items .
a man is sitting in front of a vegetable stand .
a man is selling fruit .
a person on top of a cliff .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
a construction worker scaling scaffolding .
a worker climbing a rock wall .
a person is climbing up scaffolding .
a construction worker climbs scaffolding .
a person in a blue shirt is holding onto the ground .
a man climbing up a roof .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man climbing a pole in front of a yellow house .
a man climbing a pole .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man is working on an old house .
a construction worker climbs scaffolding on the side of an old building .
a construction worker in a hard hat is standing on scaffolding .
a person climbing a cliff .
a young boy in a red shirt plays an instrument .
a man working on some pipes .
a man and a woman are looking at each other .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a man rides a surfboard in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a woman with long hair is holding a paper .
a group of five people in a crowd .
a girl in a blue shirt is standing in the middle of a lake .
two men drinking beer .
a man in the mountains holding a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
a man holding a rifle .
a person in front of a mountain .
a man shooting a gun at a shooting range .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people at sunset .
people surfing on a wave .
two people sitting in front of plants .
a boy and girl posing for a picture .
two people standing outside of a building .
two people standing next to each other .
people standing in front of a wall .
a man and a woman stand under a flower .
people standing by a wall .
a teenage couple is sitting on a bench .
two children are smiling and smiling .
a boy holding a stick .
a man is standing next to a bicycle .
a man working on a bike while talking to a younger man .
a little girl in a pink shirt is blowing bubbles .
a little girl is making a face .
a little girl making a funny face .
an asian girl is using her cellphone .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
a child is making funny faces .
a girl smiles at the camera .
a young girl makes a funny face for the camera .
a child making a face .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is riding a bike .
a young woman is walking through a crowd .
three guys are working construction .
a man scuba diving with a large horn .
a baby wearing a green outfit is taking a picture .
people are walking on the street at night .
a woman in a blue shirt is bowling .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person walking down an alley .
a girl sliding down a hill .
a woman walking down the street .
a child rides a bicycle .
a young person in a red shirt is on a hill .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two men working on a project .
people riding bikes on a road .
a woman looking at jewelry .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is looking at the railroad tracks .
a woman carrying a sign .
people holding signs .
a group of people gathered at night at night .
a group of people are protesting .
a group of young people are relaxing together .
a group of people are gathered around a window .
a man sitting behind a window .
a woman jumping into the air .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a woman jumping in front of a beautiful landscape .
a person is jumping in the air .
a woman jumping with a mountain in the background .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl is posing for a picture .
a woman in a purple shirt stares into the distance .
a homeless man in a black shirt is handing his phone .
a man holding a sign in his hands .
a man in black is holding a cardboard sign .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a building .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy swimming underwater .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing a board game .
the back of the vehicle is driving on the road .
police officers riding their bikes .
two men are running in a race .
two men are running in a race .
people running in a marathon .
two men are running in a race .
two men are running in a race .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
three men competing in a marathon .
two men are running in a race .
two men are competing in a race .
two men are fishing on the beach .
a group of fishermen on a beach .
fishermen working on their nets .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of fishermen are fishing .
two girls are walking down the street .
a man is talking to a group of people .
a man standing at a podium .
two women are walking down a street .
a man in a hat is holding up bottles .
a young man in a blue shirt points into a microphone .
a man with a hat is holding a beer .
a person in a white shirt is holding a plastic cup .
a young man in a blue shirt is playing with a drum set .
two women walking down the street .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man looking at produce .
two men are playing music on a stage .
a man with paint paint on his face .
a crossing guard holding up a flag .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is shopping in an open air market .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man looking into a shop .
a group of people at a market .
a woman in a white shirt is performing a dance on stage .
a man is walking through a market .
two men are dancing together .
a man is diving into a pool .
a man is performing a trick on the street .
a man in a black shirt is dancing .
a man is jumping over a fence .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man grilling meat .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a woman is taking a picture of herself .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people at a fair .
a little girl pushing a baby stroller .
a child carrying a doll .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a little kid is playing with a toy toy .
a small child holding onto a stroller .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people are looking at artwork .
a young girl is eating food .
two girls are walking through a tunnel .
a small child is playing ice cream .
two men playing guitars .
a woman drinking in a room .
a man is painting a picture .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man working on a carnival .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is watching another man .
a group of girls wearing colorful costumes are standing in front of a group of people .
a man performing a dance routine in a subway station .
a young man is dancing at a terminal station .
a man in a black shirt dancing .
a man in a white shirt is dancing in a train station .
a young man wearing a red shirt and black pants is doing a dance in a public station .
a breakdancer is doing a wheelie on the ground .
a man in a white shirt is performing a concert .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a white shirt is dancing on a tile floor .
a man is carrying a gun .
a small child is blowing bubbles .
a small child is standing next to a window .
children are sitting around a large glass building .
a man is pointing at something .
a child in a blue shirt is brushing her teeth .
a man is giving a speech .
a runner in a white shirt is pointing at a marathon .
a group of children are hanging out in the snow .
two boys are standing near a fence .
three little boys in cowboy hats are looking over a fence .
three young boys are standing on a scaffold .
two women pose for a picture .
a woman in a green shirt is drinking a piece of paper .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two men playing a musical instrument .
a person climbing a mountain .
two men playing a guitar .
two men are holding guitars .
two men are practicing their instruments .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are performing on stage .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a man is giving a speech .
a crowd of people listening to a man .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a yellow shirt has a microphone in front of a crowd .
a man is standing next to a sign .
a band performs on stage .
a band plays on stage .
a group of musicians performing on stage .
a band plays in a band .
a singer is performing a song in front of an audience .
two men are walking towards each other .
a man walking towards a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is juggling a guitar .
a man in a yellow shirt is singing on stage .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is singing on stage .
a man in a cowboy hat is performing on stage .
a singer is performing on stage .
two children are playing in the snow .
a man is using a large saw .
three children are waiting in a boat .
a busy city street .
three boys are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
kids riding bikes on a dirt road .
a group of kids are playing on a mound of dirt .
a group of children playing in a field .
a group of kids riding bicycles on a sunny day .
a boy rides his bike on a dirt road .
a woman playing tennis on a tennis court .
a little girl is playing with a toy toy .
a little boy is playing with a christmas tree .
a boy playing with a toy toy .
a girl in a hospital costume stands by a monitor .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
a man holding a plate of food .
two men are playing frisbee .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a couple sitting on a bus .
three people are standing on a hill .
a man carrying a bag walks down the street .
three people standing in a field .
three people are walking down a hill .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man wearing black gloves and black gloves is standing in front of a microphone .
a rock climber climbing a rock wall .
a boy is climbing up a wall .
two construction workers working on a project .
two men working in a construction site .
two construction workers doing construction work .
two construction workers doing construction work .
construction workers are working together .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
two horses racing in a race .
two dogs running in the sand .
a man carrying a plastic bag is standing on top of a large body of water on a sunny day .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
two dogs running on the rocks .
two dogs running on a beach .
a black dog walks toward a golden dog .
two children are playing in the snow .
a young boy is planting flowers .
a little boy is having a conversation .
a little boy kisses a little girl on the road .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a person is looking at fruit .
two greyhounds are running .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
two men are smoking a cigarette .
a man kayaking in a kayak .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a ball .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man is swimming in a pool .
two young people are sitting on the ground next to a creek .
a group of people wearing sunglasses .
two women are eating .
two people are eating food .
two women are eating food .
two women are eating a meal .
a group of people are eating .
two women eating a meal .
two men standing outside of a restaurant .
a woman taking a picture .
a man is doing a trick on a trampoline .
a man is looking at books .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a book .
two men are working on a construction site .
a mural of a mural of a building .
a man and a woman walk past a building .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is biking down the street .
a couple carrying bags walking down the street .
a man in a yellow shirt is holding a rope .
a person is carrying a rope .
a worker is holding a line of food .
a person with a rope in his mouth .
a man is holding onto a rope .
two shoppers picking up vegetables .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
an ambulance walks down the street .
two people in front of an ambulance .
an ambulance is in the road .
a red suv is parked in the middle of the road .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a large rope rope .
two children are walking down the street .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a table filled with food .
a group of friends are gathered together .
an older man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
three people are competing in a competition .
a man in a white shirt is looking away .
a man looking at plants .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man watching plants .
a person looks at plants .
a man looking at plants .
a man is taking fruit from a pile of fruit .
a blond man in a green shirt is planting some plants .
a black dog jumping over a hurdle .
a couple is shopping at a market .
a dog jumps off a pier .
a little girl in a yellow t shirt is sitting on a beach with a green shovel in the sand .
a black lab jumps in the pond .
a black dog jumping off a dock .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people hiking through the snow .
four men are sitting around a table with books .
a group of people in library .
a group of people are skiing in the woods .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people walking in the snow .
a woman is walking down the street .
four women are competing in a race .
several women running in a race .
a woman holding her hands in her hand .
an older woman sits in front of a window .
an older woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting in the window of a window .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
an elderly woman sitting on a bench .
an elderly lady sitting on a bench .
a group of people are skydiving .
two birds flying through water .
a person is riding a bike in a race .
a group of people on a train .
the birds are in the water .
kids playing a game of monopoly .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is racing past a crowd of people .
a group of people playing soccer .
a young man with a tray of food on his head sits next to a car .
a woman and a boy are sitting on a bench .
two teams , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt
a man and a woman are wearing glasses .
a man is painting a picture .
a group of people in the air .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a baby .
two elderly women sitting on a couch .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in a crowd .
a man jumping on a bike .
a group of people are watching a man in a white shirt .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are walking down the street with a box in the foreground .
a woman holding a box .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a little girl in a pink dress is playing with a hula hoop .
a woman with sunglasses on her head .
a group of people on a street corner .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man sitting and reading a newspaper .
a group of people sitting and working together .
a group of people are reading a book .
a man painting a picture .
an artist painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a person is painting a sheep on a tripod .
a woman with two children and two children .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a doctor in a hospital gown holding a trophy .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man playing tennis .
a tennis player runs towards the net .
four toddlers are watching a musician play a guitar .
the tennis player is attempting to block the ball .
a man is standing next to a woman in a white shirt .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
two children are playing in the snow .
children playing soccer .
a group of people are gathered around their computers .
a person sitting on a bench .
a lady with a cane sitting on a bench .
boys playing soccer .
a person is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
an elderly lady sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a lady is walking down the street .
a man is standing on the beach at the beach .
a person is standing outside of an igloo .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing in the ocean .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is standing in the street .
a man in a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a man is doing a handstand on the beach .
a man is throwing a frisbee .
a man in a blue tank top in a park .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man throwing a frisbee on a hill .
a man is playing in the snow .
a man is playing with a frisbee .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a kid skateboards on a ramp .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a person in a costume is standing on the street .
three men are looking at something .
two men are standing in front of a crosswalk .
men looking at a sign in a canyon .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three men are looking at something .
three guys are looking at a sign .
three men are at a crosswalk .
two men standing next to a bridge .
three boys are reading a newspaper on the side of the road .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench .
three men are standing near a wooden cross bridge .
four men are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are cleaning the bottom of a cliff .
a rain volleyball player in the rain .
a person is flying through the air .
a woman in a red shirt is making a funny face from a dumpster .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a rainbow flag .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man is standing in the middle of a street .
a water truck sprays water .
a man in a blue shirt is crossing the street .
a man is playing volleyball .
swimmers jump into the air .
two boys playing in a swimming pool .
two swimmers are jumping into the air .
two people jump off of rocks .
a man is relaxing on a bench .
a person is kayaking in the water .
a person is standing in the water .
a waterskier wearing a red life vest is holding a line of water .
a waterskier in the water .
a person in a life jacket is holding onto the water .
a man is kayaking in the water .
two girls are playing soccer .
a man is preparing food outside .
a group of people on a beach .
a person in a white apron is preparing food on a plate of food .
a chef is preparing food .
a chef preparing food in a kitchen .
a chef is cooking .
a parade in a parade .
a bicyclist wearing a yellow helmet is riding a bicycle .
a man looking at something .
a man in a yellow shirt rides his bike .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a girl and a man pose for a picture .
a bike rider is airborne .
three people are talking on cellphones .
a man and a woman are using their cellphones .
a young boy rides his bike on a bridge .
a skier is skiing down a snowy mountain .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a person wearing a blue backpack rides a bike .
a woman in a red shirt is playing a musical instrument .
a young woman is playing a guitar .
a young woman playing a guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
two females are sitting on a bench .
a girl in a pink dress plays the guitar .
a woman playing a guitar on a street .
an indian girl plays an instrument .
a person is walking down the street .
a person is kicking snow on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is washing a tree .
a person in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is flying over an innertube .
a person is standing on a lake overlooking a lake .
a man is swimming in the water .
a bald man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a parade in a parade .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling at the camera .
a group of people are watching a group of people .
a guy standing in a public place .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of men are working together .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man and a child playing a guitar .
a woman and a child are listening to a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a black woman in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a little girl is holding a finger in her mouth .
a man and a woman kissing .
two men are looking at something .
two men , one wearing a tuxedo and the other wearing a tuxedo , are standing in front of a building .
a man is kissing a man in a white shirt .
a man in a tuxedo is wearing a tuxedo .
a man kissing a man on the cheek .
two men share a kiss .
a man kisses another man .
two men in formal attire stand in front of a microphone .
a man in a tuxedo kisses another man in a suit .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a man is kissing another man .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is taking a dance .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a busy street with many people .
a group of people are holding cloth .
two women are weaving yarn .
a group of friends are standing on the street .
a man is performing on a street .
a man and a woman are sewing together .
mountain climbers rest on a mountain .
a man in a black shirt is breakdancing on the street .
two men competing in a basketball game .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
two people are on a trail on a trail .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people in the snow .
two people looking at a trail on a trail .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are standing on the beach .
a group of children enjoying the day .
a group of people running in a race .
construction workers working on the railroad tracks .
two girls running in a race .
a group of people are standing in front of a large building .
a group of people picking up trash .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
a group of teenagers are standing outside of a building .
two boys are cleaning up trash .
several young men clean up trash .
a child taking a picture of a trash bag .
a boy walks down a sidewalk with two boys .
a boy in a blue shirt is running down the street .
two boys are walking down the street carrying a bag .
a young boy is walking with a bag .
two boys are walking down the street .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing soccer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two boys are standing outside of a building .
two boys are standing on a sidewalk with a plastic bag .
a young man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person walking with a plastic bag .
a young man is throwing a trash bag .
a young man is taking a picture of a garbage bag .
a man carries a bag of trash in a dumpster .
an indian couple enjoying themselves in a party .
a man in a blue shirt is making dough .
a group of people dressed in indian indian clothing .
a group of people having a conversation .
a young person in a black hoodie sitting on a curb .
a man in a black hoodie is sitting on a bench .
a group of cars in the street .
a teenager is playing a guitar .
a man on a rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock face .
an older man in a jacket is making cookies .
a man is holding a card and speaking to an older woman .
a man is making cookies .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a cyclist is doing a trick on a bicycle .
a group of people riding bikes .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle on the street .
a cyclist is getting ready to go down the street while a man watches .
a group of people are riding bikes down the street .
a group of people riding bikes down the street .
a man in a red shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a group of people are competing in a race .
two people talking to each other .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a group of people on a mat .
a woman in a blue dress is walking down the street .
the doctors are in the background .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are working on a mat .
the doctors are in the background .
a man reading a book .
a woman in a blue tank top and blue jeans is playing tennis .
a couple dancing in class .
two people are putting their hands together .
a man is speaking with another man .
a mountain climber walks along the beach .
a homeless man is holding his hands in his hand .
a group of young girls are performing a dance routine .
a group of women are performing outside .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of dancers are performing in the middle of a dance .
a group of people getting ready for their wedding .
a group of men meeting together .
a soccer team poses for a picture .
a man with dreadlocks talks to a man in a suit .
a group of people in a field .
two guys are getting ready to fight .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a black t shirt are cheering .
a woman is getting ready to run .
a girl is getting ready to race .
two kids are playing tug of war .
a man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a brown dog is standing in the grass .
a dog runs on the grass .
a group of adults are sitting in a room .
a woman in a brown sweater is sitting on the beach .
a dog is running through the sand at the beach .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man taking a picture .
a child playing tennis .
a girl riding a horse in front of a tree .
two boys play in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing baseball .
a young boy playing with a bat .
a little boy is swinging a baseball bat .
two women are playing instruments .
two clowns are looking down .
two women playing the drums on the drums .
a woman is swinging on a swing .
two girls wearing colorful costumes .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a young girl in a bathing suit runs down the sidewalk .
a girl running on the grass .
a young girl is standing in front of a building .
a girl running through the grass .
a young lady is running down the street .
a girl running in a field .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl in a blue tank top with a blue tank top .
a man working on a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is selling items from a store .
a man is standing in front of an atm machine .
a young boy is sitting on a computer .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is using a knife .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people are riding sledding down a hill .
a group of men working on the back of a donkey .
a group of men are playing in the snow .
a group of people on a snowy street .
a group of men are pushing a vehicle in the snow .
a group of men drinking beer .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of men sitting at a table .
a group of men sitting around a table .
a group of people at a bar .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a young girl in a blue shirt is throwing a young girl in the sand .
cheerleaders are cheering .
a group of cheerleaders in red and white uniforms are throwing their arms up .
a man and two children are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a costume is standing in front of a crowd .
a man throwing a young boy into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a person is pushing a cart on a sidewalk .
a child is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a mechanic working on a train .
a girl in a yellow dress is playing with a yellow rope .
a woman in a yellow dress jumping rope .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl jumping over a rope .
a woman in a black jacket is standing in the road .
two men talking to each other .
an asian man is pointing at the camera .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is throwing a white trash bag into a dumpster .
a man is looking at an electronic device .
a man is holding a cellphone .
a group of young boys playing in the sand .
a boy is holding a shovel .
a child is holding a toy .
a boy crouches in the sand .
a little boy is holding a shovel in the sand .
a boy is playing in the sand .
a young boy is playing with a toy toy .
a little boy is playing with a plastic bag .
a boy plays with a toy toy .
a boy is playing with a shovel .
a little boy in a blue shirt is using a toy tool .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy playing with a shovel .
a man talking with two women .
a group of monks are standing outside a building .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people walk along a city street .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are dressed in black and white .
four men in orange vests are standing in an orange field .
four men are walking down the street .
a group of people are raising their hands in the air .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a smiling child is running through the water in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people climbing a cliff .
a woman is working on a machine .
a woman working on a project .
a woman is doing a handstand on a bench .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a woman dressed in pink and blue is sitting down .
two people are watching a television .
two young men playing chess in a kitchen .
two african american men , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a blue shirt , the other in a white
two men are working together .
a group of people are gathered around a booth .
a man pouring beer into a microphone .
a group of men watching a baseball game .
a crowd of people are having a conversation .
two men are standing next to ice hockey .
a group of children competing in a race .
a group of men in wheelchairs are in the water .
a group of people are constructing a construction site .
a group of people are working on a roof .
two athletes kayaking down a river .
a group of people in a kayak .
two men are kayaking down a raft .
two people kayaking down a river .
two people are kayaking in a kayak .
two people are kayaking near a wall .
a man kayaking in the water .
a woman reading a book .
a man looking into a microscope .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a woman is sitting on a stage .
a man in a lab coat looking at something .
a woman is holding a book in her hands .
a child wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing under a tree .
a girl is playing with her tongue .
a little girl with blond hair is smiling .
a man climbing a rock .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a room .
a man is making pottery on a pottery wheel .
a man working on a project at a table .
an old man working on a piece of paper .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a blue building .
a man is sewing fabric .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a table .
men standing outside of a building .
five men , one wearing a blue uniform and the other in a uniform , are standing in a field .
a group of people are setting up their chairs .
a group of people are carrying bags .
a group of people are operating equipment .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a person in a brown shirt pushing a baby .
a group of stuffed animals in a room .
a rock climber jumps off of a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a man is watching a butterfly .
a small child in a field in a field .
a man in a black shirt is playing a trumpet .
a young child is making a face at the camera .
a man on a motorcycle is leading a horse .
a bearded man is blowing on a wooden object .
a man in a black shirt is playing a trumpet .
a woman looking at a man .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums at a festival .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a bathroom .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a teenage teenager is sitting on a skateboard .
a man is sitting on a skateboard .
a teenager is sitting on a skateboard .
a teenager sitting on a skateboard .
a skateboarder sits on a skateboard .
a group of people are eating food .
an african american woman in an african dress is shoveling debris .
a skateboarder is sitting on a bench .
two guys sitting on a skateboard .
a guy is sitting on a skateboard .
a guy in a hat is skateboarding .
a man is sitting on a skateboard .
a man is swimming in the water .
a little girl in a white dress is standing in front of a plant .
a skier looks at something .
a group of people are skiing .
a man jumps out of a plane .
skiers standing near a snowy hill .
a woman is reading a book .
a girl playing with bubbles .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are standing in front of a sign .
a football player tries to tackle the football .
a group of football players are playing football .
a goalie in a blue shirt is working on the ice .
a hiker walks down the sidewalk .
a group of football players are playing football .
a hiker is walking up a snowy mountain .
a football player attempts to tackle the ball .
two football players , one wearing a blue jersey and the other in a blue uniform , are playing football .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing next to a man on a cellphone .
a man sitting on a mountain .
a man is standing on a mountaintop .
two baseball teams chase each other .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
people walking down a street at night .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people are walking in the street .
people walking down a street .
people are walking down the street .
a woman is looking at food .
a dog is running through the grass .
three men and a dog in a lake .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people are standing in shallow water .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a person is running in a race .
a person is running in a race .
a woman in pajamas plays with toys .
a man is running in a race .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding up a red balloon .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is getting a gift .
a woman is showing another woman 's hair .
a parade in a parade .
a group of asian people are walking down the street with shopping bags .
two women walking down the street .
two men are painting a picture .
two boys pose for a picture .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child is carrying a tray of food .
a hockey goalie blocks the puck .
a woman looking at a map .
a woman looking at something .
a person is holding a tray of food .
a lady looking at a sign .
a boy in a gray shirt is standing in front of a building .
a person poses for a picture .
two boys in blue shirts and blue jeans are playing soccer .
two women are working on a project .
a baseball player catches the ball .
two men are throwing a ball .
a man is playing tennis .
two men are playing baseball .
two baseball players attempt to catch the ball .
a man in a black jacket is playing with a baseball .
a baseball player gets ready to catch the ball .
a baseball player catches the ball while the catcher watches .
a model is watching a model .
a person in a white shirt is catching a frisbee in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is watching a patient .
a worker in a hospital coat is working in a hospital .
a surgeon working on a patient .
a doctor is looking down at a patient .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a group of people in red bathing suits are playing in the water .
two women are doing a synchronized swimming routine .
four women are swimming in a pool .
two women are in the water .
two women are in the water .
a person rides a bicycle down the street .
four people are competing in a competition .
a swimmer is getting ready to take a shot .
a group of people are eating a meal .
people walking up a street .
a man working at a fruit stand .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman with a brown top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black top and a woman with a black tank top .
two women stand next to a fruit stand .
a woman in a brown coat is sitting on a bench .
two women stand next to a fruit stand .
two women stand at a fruit stand .
a large brown dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people in a van .
a group of people in a van .
three girls are playing in the sand .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of children playing in the sand .
three children playing in sand .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
children playing in sand .
a group of children at the beach .
a group of girls are playing soccer .
three children are playing outside .
a small group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a meeting .
a black and white dog runs through the snow .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is hiking down a mountain .
a group of people on a road .
a boy is riding a bike .
a crowd of people are protesting .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs jumping in the air .
two women under an umbrella .
a man with a torch is holding a torch .
a man is leaning against a wall with a tennis racket .
an old man is reading a book .
a middle aged man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a tool .
a man working at a construction site .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is walking towards a car .
a man walking towards the camera .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man stands in a parking lot in a parking lot .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a vehicle .
people walking in the woods .
a family is standing outside a building .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women in a park looking at a camera .
a woman is posing on a scooter with a photographer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a small boy stands on a stool in a bathtub .
a boy is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a girl sits next to a fireplace .
a boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is holding a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
people are walking on the escalator .
a group of people are standing around a table .
people on an escalator .
a young boy in a stroller is sitting in a stroller .
a man and a woman are standing in the sand .
two children are standing on one leg .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two young people are dancing on the beach .
an old man biking in the street .
a person carries a bag in a large city .
a group of people are walking in a park .
a woman is walking by a building .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a bicyclist wearing an orange shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman is riding her bike .
a woman is riding her bike down the street .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman is taking a picture of a car .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman with brown hair and a woman with brown hair are standing in front of a group of dogs .
a woman is playing with two dogs .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are walking in a crosswalk .
a man is playing in a cage .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a horse .
a child in a blue shirt is skiing .
a man is holding a white dog .
a man is riding a horse in a competition .
a man in a red suit is walking down a street .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a red shirt is riding a horse .
a woman is standing on rocks .
a woman in a blue shirt is running through water .
a woman is kneeling in a stream .
a naked woman is walking along the water .
a naked woman is sitting in a pool .
a man is riding a motorbike on a course .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a young lady is trying to kick a stuffed animal in a skate park .
a person in a white shirt is looking at a set of furniture .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a little girl in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person is hiking down a mountain .
a person is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on top of a large sand dune .
a person is walking down the street .
a man laughing and laughing .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is working in a kitchen .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
a dirt biker is racing on a track .
a man is racing a dirt bike .
a dirt biker is racing through the dirt .
a dirt bike racer races on a dirt track .
a person is riding a bike .
a woman and a dog sit on a park bench .
a group of people are getting ready to fight .
men standing on a stairway .
two rock climbers climb on rocks .
a group of people climbing a rock face .
two people rock climbing .
a group of people climbing rocks .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to a tree .
a man playing with a water fountain .
a man in a blue shirt is cleaning the floor .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing in a fountain .
a man drinking water .
a person in a white coat stands next to a firetruck .
two men are drinking beer .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
there is a picture of a man in the background .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a person in a bathing suit is jumping into the water .
a scuba diver swims in the ocean .
a dirt bike racer is racing .
people are laying on the beach in the sun .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two men playing a trumpet .
people riding bicycles down the street .
a group of men riding bikes .
a bike race in a race .
a bike rider in a forest .
a group of people are watching a man riding a motorcycle .
four bikers are watching a four wheeler .
a man in a white shirt is using a hammer .
a group of people watching an event .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
three people are holding hands .
three women in dresses in dresses .
three women dressed in formal attire .
a group of women in brightly colored clothing .
a group of women dressed up in costumes .
a group of ladies wearing colorful clothing .
three women are holding hands .
a hockey player wearing a red jersey and white jersey is running .
a man is playing hockey .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of young boys are playing softball .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a man with skis is skiing .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
two men are working on a project .
a dog plays with a toy toy .
a dog pulls a toy across the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a dog is playing with a toy toy .
a little girl is sitting on the beach .
a puppy runs in the grass .
two dogs fighting .
a dog runs with a stick in his mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
three people are playing soccer .
a little boy is drinking a beer .
two men are in a waterfall .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two friends enjoying a waterfall .
a painting of a painting .
a white and white dog stands in front of a dog .
a group of people are playing instruments .
asian women in asian costumes are playing banjo .
three people are playing music .
a group of people on a boat .
a little girl in a pink dress is showing her war .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
three asian people are playing instruments .
three people talking to each other .
a large group of people on a city street .
two men are looking at a computer screen in front of a computer screen .
a policeman is standing on the street .
people eating in a restaurant .
a police officer in a police officer is riding a motorcycle .
a police officer reading a newspaper in the window .
a policeman walks down the street .
a group of people are having drinks .
a kid in a blue shirt is playing on a playground .
two people walk down the street .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a yellow car is spraying water .
two children , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are wearing blue shirts .
two little boys playing in the snow .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a group of boys playing soccer .
two young boys playing soccer .
five children playing soccer .
five boys playing soccer .
a motorcyclist is driving around a corner .
a man washing the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt stands next to a brick wall .
a woman cleaning the sidewalk in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is working on a roof .
a person leaning against a wall .
a man is trying to lasso a bull in a bull ring .
a group of people dancing outside .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are walking in the rain .
a child is standing in the snow .
a small child in a snow covered area .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking through a telescope .
a man in a cowboy hat helps a calf .
a person is sitting on a rock overlooking the water .
a group of people are practicing karate .
two girls are playing soccer .
two female volleyball players try to block the ball .
a group of people standing in a field .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a man juggling on a street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is performing a juggling juggling club .
a man in a cap and black jacket juggling in the street .
a toddler brushing her teeth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog with its mouth open .
a black and white dog running through the grass .
a man in a red shirt is waving a sign .
a man is holding a sign .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing a tropical fruit fruit .
a man takes off his fruit .
a man in a white shirt is using an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt is opening a fruit .
a man in a blue shirt is opening a large fruit fruit .
three people are standing outside of a door .
a couple kissing and kissing .
a man poses in front of a microphone .
a person is making a pole in the sand .
a man in a leather jacket and khakis is vaulting against the beach .
a football player in a red and white uniform is playing football .
a group of women in bathing suits are jumping into a swimming pool .
a woman is looking at a map .
a team of cheerleaders performing in the air .
a crowd of people are marching down the street .
people swimming in a pool .
swimmers are swimming in a pool .
a band is performing in front of an audience .
a dog runs towards the camera .
a man in a blue coat and a woman in a blue coat pose for a picture .
a dog runs over the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog with its tongue hanging out .
a dog runs through the snow .
two young girls are listening to each other .
two people are walking down the street .
a couple standing outside of a shop .
people in front of a wine shop .
two people are standing outside of a building .
two women stand by a store .
a boat in the water .
two people are walking down the street .
three people having a conversation .
a girl splashing in water .
a father and son are riding on a beach .
two people are riding bikes down the street .
a father and his son enjoying the day .
two people are riding bicycles on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are standing in front of lights .
a team of basketball players celebrating .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two young women are playing basketball on a field .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
a person is leaning against a doorway holding a pink purse .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman is holding a pink bag .
a woman is reading a book .
a man is shoveling dirt .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman in sunglasses is sitting in a brown chair in a brown chair .
a woman with dark hair is laying on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a chair .
a worker standing in front of a construction site .
a group of boys in a marketplace .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a body of water .
a man sleeping on a bench .
an older man is sleeping on a bench .
a child is smiling and smiling in a crowded market .
a boy in a green shirt is standing in a market .
a young boy poses for a picture with several other people .
a young boy wearing a green shirt and blue jeans is standing in a field .
children are watching a train .
two soccer players compete for the ball .
three men playing soccer .
a man in a blue uniform kicking a soccer ball .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are playing soccer .
a man on a diving board .
two dogs run through the grass .
a busy city street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two people talking at a restaurant .
a kid is riding a bike .
a man is looking at something in a living room .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a person sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a dog runs across the yard .
a group of people looking at something .
a brown and brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
three men working on equipment .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is sitting on a bench .
a person is pulling a tree .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two blond women are sitting on a bench .
a baby is taking a bath .
people are standing in front of a camel statue .
a nurse is feeding a nurse .
a man is giving a baby a bath .
two young women are sitting at a table outside .
a group of people wait for a train .
a girl in a blue shirt is standing in the ocean .
a little boy is holding a little boy .
a child is standing on a bridge .
a man is leaning against a building .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the water .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a young boy is lying in the grass .
a boy laying in the grass .
a young boy lies in the grass .
a boy in a green shirt is sitting on the grass .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a man .
a man is standing on top of a group of dogs .
a man is riding a horse in the dirt .
a man in a white shirt is fencing .
a group of people hiking on rocks .
a young boy is playing in a room .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
five hikers walk down a hillside .
two hockey players on the ice .
a girl prepares to throw a ball .
a football player in a red jersey is running on the field .
a woman throwing a soccer ball .
a woman throwing a soccer ball .
people playing soccer .
a woman is throwing a soccer ball .
a group of people at an airport .
a young woman stands in front of a group of people .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is listening to music .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a microphone .
a young woman is listening to music .
six men riding bikes on a track .
a young boy jumping in the air next to a lake .
three dogs are on a sled .
a man in a subway station .
a man is standing in the water .
a train at night .
people waiting in the subway .
a man waits on a subway platform .
people in a subway station .
two dogs are pulling a man on a sled .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are sitting in a hospital bed .
a doctor and nurse share surgery .
a patient is giving a presentation .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
children sitting on a computer .
a teacher is in a classroom .
two boys are sitting on a computer .
a man sitting by a fruit stand .
a man in a red shirt sits next to a man with a red shirt .
people are standing in front of a produce store .
a man is standing in front of fruit .
a man is sitting by a fruit stand .
a person is sitting on a bench next to a fruit stand .
two women competing in the london olympics .
two women competing in a race .
a man is holding a guitar .
a group of people listening to a speaker .
a man playing the accordion .
an elderly lady in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a bathing suit smiles .
a young musician playing a guitar .
a woman and a girl are playing with crayons .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a woman is playing with a ball .
two females are sitting on a bench .
a team of team is smiling .
a man is playing a guitar at a concert .
a man in jeans and a t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
an older adult is walking down the street .
a person is holding an umbrella .
a group of people listening to a man giving a presentation .
a group of people looking at something .
a person with an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
three men are sitting on a bench .
two men are standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is using a shopping cart .
a man is watching a crosswalk .
a woman crouches by a stroller .
three children playing on a swing set .
a mother and her child in a stroller .
a mother is holding a young boy .
a man is sitting on a woman 's shoulders .
two women relaxing on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
two people sit at a bus stop .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
several people are walking down the street .
a man with glasses sleeps with a drink .
a person is looking at something .
a man with a hat on his head .
a man in a blue shirt holding a drink .
a dog runs through the snow .
a cowboy is watching a bull .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man and a dog are watching a bull .
a small child plays with a swing .
a child is standing behind a park bench at a park .
a man is riding a bull .
a man carrying a bag walks down the street .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a man standing next to a cafe reading a newspaper .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of men are standing in a field .
two men are looking at a camel .
a man in a blue shirt holding a rifle .
a girl sitting on a sidewalk in front of a store .
people standing on a sidewalk .
a lady sitting on a sidewalk .
a man with glasses and glasses is holding a microphone .
a young girl wearing glasses and a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk .
a young girl wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a girl with glasses is sitting on a bench .
a group of friends posing for a picture .
a mother is holding her child .
a woman sitting on a sidewalk .
a crowd gathers for an event .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people standing near a sign .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a crowd .
a woman is cheering .
two men are working outside a building .
two men are standing in front of a sign .
two men are putting up a sign .
two men are working on a small sign .
two men working on a small sign .
two men are putting up a sign .
two men are operating a statue .
two men are sitting in a tree .
two men carrying bags walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking by a wooden fence .
two men are holding red bags .
a woman dressed in pink stands in front of a sculpture .
a man in a blue jacket and a blue hat is sitting on a blue blanket with a blue hat .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on the ground looking at a building .
a man in a winter coat is walking through the snow .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a man is resting against a building .
a man is standing in front of a large group of people .
a man in a black shirt is performing a trick on stage .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a crowd of people are watching a man in a black t shirt .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a gun .
two adults are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a town .
two people in a field .
a man is preparing food .
a person driving a motorcycle .
a worker working on a machine .
a man is operating a piece of equipment .
a man working on a project .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
four people are sitting in a room .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a market is selling bananas .
a woman buying fruit at a farmers market .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person walking up a hill .
two people are reading a paper .
a group of ladies are standing in front of a crowd .
a woman holds a pen while another woman holds a paper .
a woman is writing .
a woman is reading a book .
two women are having a conversation .
a bike rider in the air .
a bicyclist rides a green bike .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a woman is holding a little girl .
an old man is relaxing at a cafe .
four people wait in front of the side of a road .
four people are walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people wait near a wall .
people waiting to cross the road .
a group of people standing by the side of the road .
a person is crying .
a woman in a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a restaurant eating .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a yellow shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a yellow shirt is sitting at a table .
a man is sitting at a cafe reading a newspaper .
a man in a white shirt is drinking out of a cafe .
a black and white dog shakes its mouth .
a dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
a black and white dog plays with a ball .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog swims in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a dock .
a group of people walking past a mural .
a group of people walk down the street .
a man walks past two women .
a group of people are walking down a sidewalk .
a man in a red jacket is standing on a pole .
a group of people are playing on a rope swing .
a little girl in a dark dress is sitting in a chair .
a person diving into a pool .
an indian woman is sewing on a sewing machine .
a young woman is using a sewing machine .
a woman is sewing on a sewing machine .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are standing in a river .
a group of people are standing in front of a pond .
a group of people are fishing .
an old couple sitting on a bench .
a woman diving into a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is running down a street .
a gymnast flies over a beam .
a gymnast balances on a balance beam .
a gymnast is balancing on a beam .
a person is jumping in the air .
a gymnast is jumping in the air .
young children walk towards the camera .
a man is working on a roof .
a boy sitting in a car .
two men are playing soccer .
children running in the middle of a sports field .
a group of people are competing in a game .
men playing soccer .
a man in an apron is cooking something .
a group of people are in a room .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
people walking into a gate .
a group of people walking down the street .
two women walk towards a christmas tree .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
a man wearing a hat is cooking .
a man in a blue shirt is eating a sandwich .
a young man in shorts and a hat smiles .
a man in a white shirt is pouring a watermelon on his tray .
a man is sitting in front of a building .
a vendor is sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog is holding a red toy .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog with a frisbee in its mouth .
a dog catching a frisbee .
two young boys are standing near a wall .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting in front of a curtain .
two boys pose for the camera .
young boys smiling .
two boys are playing in the snow .
two children pose for a picture for a picture .
two boys smile at the camera .
two children playing in a house .
a woman standing by a table .
a group of people are working on computers .
two people are standing next to a car .
a man in a white shirt is riding a boat .
construction workers working at a construction site .
a man is standing next to a black car .
five people playing basketball .
a female swimmer swims underwater .
a band plays in a band .
a group of people dressed in black and white uniforms .
a man is standing in the grass .
a person is holding something .
a woman in a gray dress looks out a slide .
a woman looking out of a window .
a mother looks at the sky .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man is preparing to grill a grill .
a man is sitting on a red motorbike .
two people are eating food .
a woman is standing outside of traffic .
a woman in a black shirt stands next to a firetruck .
a woman in a flower gown stands in front of a flower store .
two people are having a conversation .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting something .
an adult is hiking down a mountain .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in a village .
three people are sitting in a grassy area .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a girl jumping into the air .
a group of people are dancing .
a man in rollerblades rides a skateboard through the park .
a group of people enjoying the day .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
a soldier sits in a chair .
a soldier is standing in front of a fire .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man sitting with a gun .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on a wall .
a little girl wearing a pink and pink striped shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl smiles as she walks by a mural .
two children are sitting on cement steps .
a person poses in front of a mural .
a young girl with a black umbrella is petting a girl with a black umbrella .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two athletes competing in a race .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a group of men playing soccer .
two soccer players trying to get the ball .
two football players running for the ball .
a boy is walking down the street .
a boy and a girl are walking down the road holding a umbrella .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a person in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a soccer player wearing a red uniform is playing soccer .
a person is climbing up a cliff .
a mountain climber climbs down a snowy mountain .
a man in a white shirt with a white shirt in front of him .
a man with long brown hair wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a microphone .
two children are standing next to each other .
a young boy is getting his haircut .
a group of people are gathered on a street .
a group of asian people are smiling and celebrating in a parade .
a busy city street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to two trees .
a boy is standing by a tree .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a boy stands by a body of water .
a boy is standing next to a body of water .
a man in glasses plays the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man and a dog relax near the ground .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a group of people are opening a microscope .
a man is drinking beer .
a man in a white shirt is playing with a toy toy .
a woman hula hoops hula hoops .
a woman hula hooping in front of a crowd .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a young lady running in a field .
two men are running in a field .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are running in a field .
soldiers are standing outside of a building .
two men are running in a parking lot .
a man and a woman are performing outdoors .
an elderly man in a white coat is carrying two garbage bags on a sidewalk with a cane .
a dog leaps over a fallen tree .
a dog runs through the woods .
a brown and brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog is jumping in the air .
two children playing in the water .
a group of people are cheering .
a musician sings into a microphone .
a group of men playing football on a field .
teenagers are riding skateboards .
two children doing tricks on a skateboard .
two guys are skateboarding .
two boys are skateboarding at a park .
a group of people are walking in the rain .
two young adults eating food .
a football player catches the ball .
two men standing by a truck .
a little girl splashing in water .
a football player tries to tackle the ball .
a man working at a construction site .
two men working on a project .
a man in a military uniform is wearing a military uniform .
soldiers march along a street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of adults are sitting at a table .
a woman drawing a portrait of a portrait .
soldiers marching in front of an elephant .
a woman wearing a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are kissing near the water .
a group of men standing near a pile of wood .
a woman carrying a plastic bag on her head .
a man is holding a baby .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a brown dog runs through the water .
a dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .
a brown dog swims in the water with a ball in its mouth .
a man holding a little girl in his arms .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
three people are performing on stage .
two girls in a swimming pool .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball .
two people pose for a picture in front of a mirror .
a group of women in traditional dresses .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women pose for a picture .
two girls pose for a picture .
a man wearing a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt are standing in
two women pose for a picture .
two women in front of a camera .
two young women pose for the camera .
a group of birds flying through the sky .
a group of people are standing near water .
a group of people are paddling down a river .
a man kayaking in a river .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two puppies are playing tug of war with a blue mane .
people on a bridge .
a man sleeps in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a man is standing on a platform .
a group of people walk on the side of a train track .
people walking by a railroad track .
people are walking along side a railroad track .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking along railroad tracks .
a group of men in white suits are standing in a circle .
a group of people are working on railroad tracks .
two women are playing roller hockey .
six women competing in a race .
two men working at work .
two black women are running on a track .
a man in a blue shirt is scuba diving .
a construction worker in a hard hat is working on a project .
two men in hard hats are working on a construction project .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a group of people working at work .
two men are working on the side of a wall .
a group of people in uniform are standing in a line .
two men dressed in construction uniforms .
two people are working on a project .
people working on a wall .
a group of people watching a performance .
two people are working at a construction site .
a woman in a bikini is standing on a beach .
a man is skateboarding down the street .
a young person in a blue shirt skateboarding .
a teenager is riding a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a waiter is cleaning the windows of a restaurant .
a woman working at a restaurant .
a woman is working at a restaurant .
an older woman is working at a restaurant .
two people drinking beer .
an old man is working with a waitress .
two men are posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two guys pose for the camera .
a man and a woman on a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
people cheering .
a group of clowns dressed up in costumes .
a group of men in a boat .
two clowns are dressed in costumes .
a crowd of people are standing on a street .
a group of people are dressed in costumes .
people posing for a picture .
a girl is riding a horse on a horse .
a girl in a pink shirt is watching a horse .
a female is riding a horse .
a girl is riding a horse .
a young woman is riding a horse .
a girl riding a horse .
a baseball player in a red shirt is about to hit the ball .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player in a baseball uniform has a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a child is riding a horse .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a man and a woman are dancing .
two children are playing in the sand .
people eating food .
a man in a blue shirt is being lifted by a man .
a surfer rides a wave .
a woman is sitting on a beach .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a boat on a cloudy day .
a man is sitting on a bench on a sunny day .
a sailor is riding a large sailboat .
a man driving a boat .
two people jumping in the air on a sunny day .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman talks on a cellphone .
an elderly woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man holding a little girl in front of a building .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a man and a woman are playing soccer .
a child is playing with a baby .
a man and a woman are playing in the street .
a baby and a young boy are laughing .
a small child and a dog in a field .
two young children are playing together .
two young people are sitting in a room .
two children are sitting on the floor next to each other .
two children are playing in the sand .
a band performs on stage .
a girl with long hair and glasses is sitting in a chair .
swimmers diving into the water .
three children are sitting on a bench .
a dog runs in the yard .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting on a train .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is holding his daughter .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two boys swimming in a pool .
a group of swimmers swimming in a pool .
people swimming in a swimming pool .
people swimming in a pool .
people are swimming in a pool .
a woman crouches against a wall .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a skateboarder in the air .
two men are playing soccer .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a water bottle .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
people in an underground subway station .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on benches .
a young boy is playing with his mom .
a group of people are gathered around a fountain .
a child in a blue shirt is crying .
a man and a boy are sitting on a bench .
a man holding a baby .
two women are performing on stage .
a group of people relaxing on a street corner .
a college basketball player dribbles the ball .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man playing basketball in a basketball game .
a college basketball player dribbles the ball .
two basketball players competing in a basketball match .
a basketball player blocks the basketball .
two people are sitting at a table .
a person is sleeping on a bench .
a person laying down on a red seat .
a man in a red shirt jumping in midair .
a man taking a picture .
two girls in a park .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman in a red and white uniform is jumping in the air .
two women playing soccer .
a woman swings a tennis racket .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
men working on a metal structure .
a woman in a white shirt is playing tennis .
two people climbing a rock wall while two people look on .
a football player tries to tackle the ball .
the football quarterback is tackling the football player .
a crowd watches a football game .
a person is rollerblading on a concrete wall .
a young boy is climbing a wall .
a group of children are jumping in the air .
children are climbing up a rock .
a group of children are climbing up a wall .
kids climbing a wall .
a young man is riding a skateboard .
a man surfing in the ocean .
a group of people are lying on a bench .
a surfer surfs on a surfboard .
a person in a wetsuit rides a wave on a surfboard .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a surfer rides towards the shore .
a little boy is standing next to plants .
a boy looking over a balcony .
a child is looking at the sky .
a man in a red shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a group of men in hard hats are sitting in a field .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are standing on a boat .
a man and a woman standing behind a gun .
a group of people are waiting for something .
a group of people looking at each other .
a group of people waiting at a bus stop .
a man is swinging on a swing .
people looking at a train .
a large group of people are gathered under a large building .
two construction workers operate a crane .
two men are operating a crane .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is diving into the air .
two men are working on a project .
a person jumping in the air .
a rock band performs at a concert .
two men are working with stone walls .
a group of police officers are looking at something .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt ,
a man in a blue sweatshirt is sitting on a bench .
three people are having a conversation .
two police officers talking to a man .
a group of police officers on the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
an old man with a hat on is standing in a courtyard .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a gray shirt is relaxing at a table .
an old man is sitting at a table with a cane .
an old man is sitting at a table at a table .
a homeless man sitting on a table with a cane .
a man is sitting at a table with a microphone in front of him .
an older man sits at a table with a glass .
a little dog runs through a grassy field .
two dogs running in a field .
a group of men wearing helmets .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a child in swimming trunks is swimming in the water .
a group of people on a beach .
a child swimming in a pool .
a swimmer swimming underwater .
a group of women are playing instruments .
a group of women dressed in black are standing in front of a crowd .
two women playing music .
a band plays in front of a microphone .
a group of women playing instruments on stage .
a group of young boys are playing basketball .
a large group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band performs .
two women are playing a musical instrument .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of women are standing outside of a large building .
a group of musicians playing music on a stage .
a group of women playing music on a sidewalk .
a band plays music on stage .
a large brown dog is playing with a toy .
a black man in a black shirt is protesting .
a poster of a poster of a poster .
two dogs playing in the grass .
a child is smiling .
a child climbing a rock .
a child wearing a helmet and helmet is wearing a helmet .
a young child climbs a rock wall .
a person is climbing a rock .
the little boy is doing a handstand on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in front of a stove .
an elderly woman is cooking outside .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing to board a grill .
a boy with a mohawk is holding a mohawk .
a child is holding an electronic device .
a lady is preparing food .
a group of young children are posing for a picture .
a group of children posing for a picture .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two children playing in a field .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two dogs are sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is sitting on a bench .
a white dog is sitting on a rocky lawn .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are standing on a porch .
a dog is running through the grass .
a group of people standing next to a swing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a group of people gather around a wooden swing .
two people are standing in front of a crowd .
a puppy in the water .
a man working on a stage .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is shaking its mouth .
people in front of a tent .
a white dog is jumping into the water .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
a group of people in a city square .
two boys are climbing a rock face .
a group of people in a river .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two hockey players fighting for the puck .
two children are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are walking across the street in front of a yellow bus .
two people are walking down the street .
three men are getting ready for the ball .
two football players are playing football .
a group of football players playing football .
a group of football players playing football .
two football players tackle each other .
a football player in a red and white uniform is holding a football .
a football player in a red jersey is tackling a football team .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a group of football players are playing football .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a gun .
a child in a blue shirt is practicing karate .
a young man is practicing martial arts .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are riding in an elevator .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a gray shirt is holding a black bag .
a woman in a gray jacket stands next to a woman in a gray jacket .
a group of people sitting on a balcony .
two dancers performing on stage .
a tennis player runs towards the ball .
two ballet dancers are dancing .
a dancer performing a routine .
a female dancer dressed in white is dancing .
a female ballet dancer performs with another dancer .
two ballet dancers performing ballet .
dancers dancing on a stage .
two dancers are dancing .
a group of people are laying on a bench .
a woman is sitting on the ground .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench next to rocks .
a woman paints a picture .
a woman taking a break on the pavement .
a woman is looking at a camera .
a girl sits on a field in a field .
a woman is sitting outside on a sidewalk .
a dog runs through a field of snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
two children , one in black and one in black , are standing in the rain .
two women are at the beach .
a person wearing a black top and jeans is standing in front of a building .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a black shirt holding a microphone .
a woman sings on stage .
two african children are standing outside of a hut .
a woman is working on a loom .
a woman is sitting at a spinning wheel .
a woman with an apron is spinning a wheel .
a woman is kneeling on a spinning wheel wheel .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman practicing her craft .
a woman in a white apron works on a spinning wheel wheel .
an elderly woman is sewing machine .
a woman is spinning a spinning wheel .
two boys are standing in front of a building .
a crowd of people are looking at something .
a crowd of people at a station .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
two men in hard hats and safety vests are standing outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two boys talking to each other .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
two boys talking on a trampoline .
two people are running in a race .
two men are throwing something to another man .
two men are playing soccer .
two men playing in the snow .
two men are playing in the snow .
a team of soccer players walking on a field .
a group of people are standing on a field .
baseball players walking on the field .
a baseball player in a red jersey is throwing the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is walking on a baseball field .
a group of football players walking across a field .
a team of football players in uniform .
a baseball team gather on the field .
a team of soccer players are competing in a field .
a child rides a unicycle .
a child and a woman walk down a rocky path .
a group of people are walking on a path near a river .
a child and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
kids playing in a pool .
a woman and a child ride a unicycle .
a band is singing .
three people are playing in a pool .
a man singing into a microphone .
a young boy is playing a guitar .
a band plays music .
a volleyball player is playing volleyball .
four people are playing instruments .
a band plays in front of an audience .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a crowd of people watch as a crowd watches .
kids on a swing .
two men are playing in the sand .
a man in a white shirt is holding up a map .
a man and a man are standing in front of a building .
a group of guys at the beach .
a boy is kicking a young boy in a blue shirt .
two boys in swim trunks practicing martial arts on the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
a runner gets ready to throw a runner in a race .
a group of men are throwing sticks .
a young boy blowing out of a candle .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs walk through a field .
a black and white dog running in the water .
a dog runs along a river .
a woman in a green shirt is fishing in a boat .
a woman is looking at binoculars .
a mountain climber in a mountain setting .
a hiker with a backpack is looking at some trees .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a hiker is hiking through the woods .
a hiker is taking a hike in the snow .
a person is looking at trees .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of people on a busy street .
a race car goes by a man in a white shirt .
a car drives down a racetrack .
two cars racing on a track .
a large crowd waits for a race .
a group of people are gathered around a racetrack .
children are taking pictures in a classroom .
a dark haired woman is sitting on a sofa brushing her teeth .
a little girl in a pink shirt is showing a little girl .
a group of people are walking along a city street .
a girl in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a skateboarder is jumping on a rail .
two people are looking at a camera .
a woman in a white shirt is getting ready to fight .
a group of girls at the beach .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a couch .
asian girls practicing karate .
a woman in a white shirt is trying to fight .
a group of friends jumping in the air .
a group of people are in the water .
a group of young adults playing in the woods .
a group of people playing soccer .
a rollerblader is rolling up a ramp .
people jumping in front of a river .
a group of adults wearing colorful costumes .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to climb a rock .
a person is waiting to cross the street .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm is holding a tattoo .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
a woman is showing her tattoo .
a man is holding a woman 's arm .
a man in a black shirt is holding a woman 's head .
a girl in a bathing suit is jumping into the pool .
a group of people dressed in costumes .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl is drinking a beer .
a group of children at a pool .
a group of people are sitting on a sidewalk in front of a building .
a group of people gather outside a building .
three women in costumes walk around a mall .
six men standing outside of a building .
a group of men sing into microphones .
a man in a red shirt stands in front of a red wall .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people gathered around a campfire .
a young boy in a white shirt is holding a chicken .
a small child is playing with a toy .
a boy holding a chicken .
a little boy is holding a dog .
a group of people are standing on a dirt road .
a person is riding a bike .
a woman in a white shirt is holding something .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of young students are at a convention .
a man and a dog enjoying the day .
a woman walking up a path .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a chair in front of a building .
a wall with graffiti painted on it .
a man is sitting next to a man in a white shirt .
a man sitting in front of a display of art .
a person with a red jacket and a black jacket with a red jacket on .
a man is sitting in front of a painting .
a brown haired man sings into a microphone .
a man in an orange shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt and a cowboy hat is performing on a stage .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is smiling while smiling .
a man in a purple tie sings into a microphone .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man in a red tie is sitting on a bench .
a man singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog in a lake .
a man working in a machine .
a man wearing gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , gloves , and
a man working at a construction site .
a dog in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a man is operating a jackhammer .
a lady is sitting on a white mat .
a young boy with long brown hair is sitting at a table with a drink .
a boy is about to take a drink .
two construction workers in orange vests and hard hats are working .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a black woman is walking down the sidewalk carrying a plastic bag .
a person is walking past artwork .
a woman is walking on a sidewalk .
a woman is walking down the street .
two women are sitting in a hospital room .
two men are working on a project .
two women walking down the street .
four people are riding on motorcycles .
two ladies sitting on a bench near water .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a train track on a train track .
a man is painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a shower on the ground .
a man is painting a picture of a tree .
a man is painting a picture .
an artist is painting a waterfall .
people standing outside of a building .
an old man walks his dog .
two nurses looking at a cart .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman with red hair is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting food .
a woman is preparing a meal .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting food .
a woman is cutting a knife .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman in a red shirt is cutting a hamburger in a bowl .
a woman is cutting a chicken with a spatula .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting a hotdog .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a spatula in her hand .
a woman cutting a hotdog .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man crossing a bridge in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is crossing a bridge .
a small boy is looking at something .
a man is reading a newspaper in front of a store .
a man is sitting in a public area in a public area .
a person is reading a book outdoors .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man reading a paper in front of an asian market .
an asian man wearing glasses is reading a newspaper .
an asian man in a black jacket is standing outside of a building .
a group of people are standing near the water .
a group of people are hanging upside down .
people riding a roller coaster .
people riding a roller coaster .
people are riding a roller coaster .
a man in a green shirt is standing next to a tree .
a girl is kicking a soccer ball .
a young girl is kicking a bag .
a little girl in a pink shirt is kicking a string .
a girl practicing martial arts .
a group of people are enjoying a soccer game .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a red sweater is standing in front of a group of people .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a woman in an orange shirt is sitting in a chair .
an adult is sleeping on a bench .
a man is sleeping on the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an elderly woman is making tea in her bathroom .
two people are sitting on a bench reading .
a truck parked near a garage door .
a man drinking a beer .
a man is drinking beer .
a man is drinking beer .
a woman is pouring tea into a bottle of water .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a red and white outfit is playing his electric guitar .
two dogs play on a beach .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other in a parking lot .
two dogs play with each other on the grass .
many people are walking down the street .
many asian people walk down a busy street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
several people are walking around on a busy street .
a busy street with pedestrians and bicycles .
an asian city street in an asian city .
a group of people in a city street .
a group of people are walking on a busy street in an asian country .
people are riding bikes down a city street .
people riding bikes down a city street .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a bicyclist rides down a busy street .
a man is standing on a busy street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is practicing a dance .
two dogs play in the snow .
a small family gathered for a meal .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
people at a playground .
a lady and two boys eating at a table .
a child with a tattoo on her face .
a scientist is bending over over a microscope .
a musician is playing a guitar .
a boy playing with stuffed animals .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
two dogs are playing with each other .
two dogs are playing with each other .
a black and brown dog is playing with a brown dog .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is playing tennis .
a man is playing a guitar .
a mother and her two children sitting on a couch on the side of the road .
a large brown dog runs through a field of grass .
a man in a white shirt is waiting at a wooden cream shop .
a man in a black shirt is directing a band .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a man with a suitcase sitting on a bench .
a dog running through a field .
four young men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are standing outside a building .
a group of children watching a television .
a woman is using a hammer .
two boys are standing outside of a building .
a black man in a black shirt is cooking .
two children are playing in the sand .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a person walking down the street .
two people looking through the snow .
a mother is painting a picture .
a boy is running a race .
a young boy is running in a race .
a man driving a vehicle .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in front of a store .
a young lady wearing a red dress is walking down a sidewalk .
a woman is playing a musical instrument .
a farmer and children work on a farm .
a woman is playing an instrument .
two children are playing in the sand .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a band is playing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a football player tries to tackle the ball .
two men fighting .
a woman is holding a man 's hand .
a man and a woman walk past an american flag .
two men in a boxing ring .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a young boy plays in the water .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
two children are playing in the water .
a grocery store is parked in front of a grocery store .
a man and a woman are playing in the sand .
two boys playing in a fountain .
a man in a baseball cap is opening his umbrella .
two women talking .
a person running in a race .
a girl is sitting in an art museum .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of hikers taking a break on a sunny day .
hikers hiking in the snow .
a group of hikers are hiking through the woods .
two hikers are resting on a mountain .
two hikers are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a crowd of people sitting in a large area .
a group of people sitting in a circle .
a group of older people in a crowd .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man is giving a speech .
a runner running in a race .
a guitarist is playing the guitar .
a man and a woman are performing music .
a group of men playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar while another man plays the drums .
a man playing the drums while another plays the drums .
two men are playing music .
a man is standing on stage with a microphone .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a hawaiian shirt is performing on stage .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman in a blue short sleeved shirt is sitting on the floor with a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue hat standing on top of the table .
a woman wearing glasses and a blue tank top is selling water on an old man .
a woman and a man are standing next to each other .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a woman in a suit .
two people are looking at each other .
an artist is working on a project .
a tennis player in a red shirt is playing tennis .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a tennis player hits a tennis ball .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
two people in front of a motorcycle .
a woman in a blue dress is standing in front of a building .
two people are looking at a motorcycle .
people gather outside of a building .
a man in blue walks by a pond .
a group of people are standing in the middle of a field .
two women walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is kneeling on the ground .
cheerleaders are performing in a gymnasium .
young boys getting ready to take a picture .
a young boy is taking a photo .
a man is holding a camera .
a child with a camera and a camera in the background .
a baseball player in a red jersey is playing a baseball game .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is about to throw a baseball .
a pitcher prepares to throw a baseball .
a baseball player playing baseball .
a baseball pitcher throwing the ball at a baseball game .
a little boy is holding a camera .
a construction worker digging in the city .
a baseball player on a field .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy is flying a kite .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a child flies through the air .
a soccer fan is watching him .
a group of soccer players dressed in red and white uniforms are holding their arms .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is about to throw a soccer ball .
a group of people are preparing food in a kitchen .
a person is swinging on monkey bars at night .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at the menu .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a man is preparing food .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman with a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt are making a conversation .
a woman and a young boy are standing in a kitchen .
a boy in a uniform is playing baseball .
a baseball player stands with his glove .
a baseball pitcher shooting a baseball bat .
a baseball player in a white uniform is playing a baseball game .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
four men talking on a sidewalk .
a group of employees having a conversation .
people swimming in a pool .
a man in a blue bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a child is sitting in a chair in the water .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is holding a colorful umbrella .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is holding an umbrella .
a woman in a purple shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a person is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a boy is taking a picture .
a young boy is drawing a picture .
a woman walks down a sand dune .
a child is standing on the beach at the beach .
a busy intersection .
a group of people playing with water .
a group of young people are playing in the water .
people are playing in the water .
people are swimming in a pool .
a group of people working on the street .
two men are leaning against a railing .
a child is jumping in the air .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a group of women are riding bicycles .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a red car .
a boy jumps into the water .
several people are holding red flags .
a group of protesters hold flags .
a group of people holding signs .
a man is jumping in the air .
a large group of people are walking on the street .
people marching through a street .
people marching in the street .
people marching in the street .
a crowd of people marching down the street .
two athletes competing in a race .
several people running in a race .
several people are competing in a race .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a group of runners are competing in a race .
a group of people running in a race .
a group of people are gathered at an event .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
a young man is sitting at a computer desk looking at his computer .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is riding a train .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man smoking a cigarette is smoking a cigarette .
hikers walking through the grass .
a group of hikers climbing up a snowy mountain .
a group of people hiking through the woods .
two men and a woman wearing hats are hiking past a tree .
a group of people are hiking through the woods .
two people walk towards a tree .
two people are hiking down a mountain .
two men are walking through the woods .
a man in a blue shirt is carrying a trash bag .
men in front of a large audience .
a group of people are sweeping the sidewalk .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of police officers putting on gas masks .
a man and a woman are holding broom .
two people are sweeping a street .
a man surfing a wave .
an instructor teaching a class .
a janitor cleaning off a wall .
two teams are playing soccer .
a baseball game is being played on the field .
a man is playing baseball .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is about to throw the ball .
two men are playing soccer .
a baby is sleeping in a man 's arms .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a brown dog and its owner on the grass .
a lady is pointing at something .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is performing a stunt on stage .
a man surfing a wave .
a group of people perform on a projector .
a man is holding a microphone while holding a microphone .
a crowd of people at a concert .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a singer is performing a stunt on stage .
four adults playing with a ball in a park .
two men playing softball .
a baseball player slides down the field while another player tries to catch the ball to the ball .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player in a green jersey is throwing a baseball .
a baseball player running on the field .
three baseball players playing baseball .
a crowd of people in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is about to hit a baseball .
three people are walking on a sidewalk outside .
two women are looking at art .
four men are working on a fire .
firemen are working on a fire .
a child in a costume is looking at a table .
a boy pointing at a bowl .
a child is watching something .
a group of people are standing near a tree .
a woman is working on a patient .
a woman is drawing with crayons .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a yellow shirt is holding a sword .
two people are sitting on a car .
a man and a woman are sitting in an elephant .
two friends are sitting on the back of a car .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a car parked in the street .
two people are talking to each other .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a little girl is playing on the beach .
a group of men are preparing food .
two men are cooking in a kitchen .
people are cooking in a kitchen .
a person is swimming in a pool .
a truck is being driven by a truck .
a little girl sits on the beach .
a young man in a blue shirt is praying .
people wearing hats and carrying backpacks .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in military fatigues is kneeling on the ground in front of a building .
a man in a military uniform is helping another man .
a man in military attire is helping another man .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling another man .
a man in a blue shirt is helping another man .
a man is standing outside of a building .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing on a platform .
a man with a hat on is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a tan shirt and a hat is standing on top of his head .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt with a blue towel on his head .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
two men are standing in front of a body of water .
two men are pulling a boat in a boat .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men fishing in front of a boat .
two men , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , the other in a blue shirt , the other in a
two boys are jumping into the air .
two people are walking down the street .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man smiles while smiling .
a group of people are riding bikes .
construction workers are working together .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are working together .
two children are playing in the snow .
a woman is riding a horse .
three people are working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt is performing in front of a city .
a person in a white shirt is being pulled by a man .
a man playing the accordion .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a couple in a church .
a man skateboarding in the dumpster .
a bride and groom are standing in a field .
a bride and groom getting married .
a group of people looking at something .
two people watching a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a group of people in an alley .
three people in an alley with a dumpster .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping over a pole .
a skateboarder in the air .
a skateboarder in front of a group of friends .
three friends stand near a dumpster .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
two guys are playing soccer .
a person is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a person is parasailing in the ocean .
a man surfing on the ocean .
an artist is working on a project .
two guys are sitting on the beach .
a duck swims in the water .
two teams playing soccer on a field .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two monks are swimming in a pool .
a duck swims in the water .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
two baseball players playing baseball .
a boy wearing a hat stands in the road .
two people are walking down the street .
a woman is sleeping at night at night .
a person in a headscarf is sleeping in a flower shop with a purse .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man in a brown shirt is standing next to a desk .
a woman in a white dress is sitting in a chair .
a guy working on an oven .
a little girl is riding a bike .
a girl in a pink dress is running in the grass .
a young girl in a green parka is walking through the snow .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men are holding cups .
a man is sitting on a computer and typing on a computer .
a group of people are running .
a black and white dog is on a leash .
a man is holding a camera .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two boys are playing soccer on a sunny day .
two children are running in a race .
two boys are climbing up a hill .
a dog plays with his owner at a lake .
soldiers prepare to work .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a couch .
two men with guns in the background .
a group of men standing in a field .
a group of military military men standing in line .
a group of soldiers stand in front of a building .
a group of people standing at a table .
a group of military men standing around a table .
a group of people wearing white gloves and white gloves are standing in front of a building .
soldiers hold guns .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a small child is playing with a wheel .
two people are working on a project .
a man driving a bike .
two men are painting a painting on a wall .
a woman doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a gymnast is competing in a competition .
a woman is preparing to perform a dance .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a female gymnast is performing gymnastics .
a person is walking down the street .
a man singing into a microphone .
a rock performer holding a microphone .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a bird getting ready to take a break .
a band plays music .
a person in a blue jacket is skiing down a mountain .
a man in a white shirt is playing the drums .
a bird flies over water .
a person skis down a slope .
a man is playing a guitar .
a child rides a bike .
a guitarist is standing in front of a net .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is watching something .
a man in a cap and a cap is sitting in a chair .
a biker performs a trick on a ramp .
a man is holding a guitar .
a blond child smiles at the camera .
a young boy is standing on stairs .
a child is sitting on a staircase .
a man looking through a microscope .
a little boy is sitting on steps .
a model is taking pictures .
a ballet dancer poses for a picture .
a woman poses in front of a microphone .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a person is jumping in the air .
a child is playing a game of monopoly .
a man in a black shirt is dancing in front of a microphone .
a little girl is playing with a large screen .
a woman with her arms in the air with her arms raised .
a woman performing a dance .
kids playing soccer in a field .
two hockey players having a discussion .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing a game of checkers .
a black dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a woman with long hair is standing over an object .
a woman with long brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a blond woman hangs out of a large bicycle .
a woman looking at a bicycle .
a woman in a black dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman holding a bike .
a blond girl on a bike in the woods .
a dog catching a ball .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child does a trick on a skateboard .
a vendor is sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a pink shirt is walking down a sidewalk .
two men are looking through a microscope .
a girl wearing a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is talking to a woman .
a woman is standing in the middle of a street .
a woman waits in line at a store .
a woman is waiting for a shop at a shop .
a woman is waiting in a line .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people in a cafe .
a woman is sitting at a counter at a grocery store .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
a group of people in a store .
a woman is waiting for a store .
a man is praying .
people are walking around in a red room .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
an asian man is praying .
a family sits on the beach .
a couple getting ready to take a picture .
a man is picking up another man .
a young man in a white hat and a black shirt is making drinks .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are getting married .
a man and a woman are getting ready to take a picture in the air .
people standing by a body of water .
two people in front of a body of water .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is standing outside of a large body of water .
four men are walking down the street .
four men are walking down the street .
four men are walking down a street .
four men in camouflage uniforms are in the middle of a street .
four men in camouflage uniforms are walking down the street .
a group of men and women are running down the street .
a group of people with guns in the background .
a man holding a sword over his head .
a woman is holding a baby in her hand .
people talking at night at night .
a woman is holding a plate of cake .
a group of people are playing with balls .
a cat is in a basket .
a man is kicking a large red ball .
a happy couple posing for a picture .
two men are smiling and smiling .
two men in a tree .
a person is sitting on a bench .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are climbing a tree overlooking the water .
two men in a forest .
five people are walking down the street .
a pilot in a blue shirt is riding a plane .
a pilot in the middle of a home .
a pilot in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a pilot in a blue shirt is carrying a plane .
a pilot is leaving a plane .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a pilot in a blue uniform is carrying a metal bag .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down a sidewalk .
a man is carrying luggage .
a person in a white shirt is carrying some bags .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man walking down the sidewalk carrying a bus .
a hiker is looking at the camera .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man working at work .
a group of girls are dancing .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a construction worker working at work .
a man and a woman are riding horses .
four men on a football field on a sunny day .
a man jumping over a bridge .
a man leading a band in a band .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a man in the air .
a team of soccer players dressed in red and green .
two rugby players playing rugby .
a man in a black shirt is playing a violin .
a man in a black shirt is playing a musical instrument .
a man is leading a group of musicians .
a conductor leads a song on a stage .
a conductor in a white shirt plays an accordion .
a man is standing in front of a group of players .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a group of children are playing outside .
a little girl is smiling .
two children are posing for a picture .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
a girl poses for the camera .
a girl in a blue shirt is smiling and smiling .
a girl in a white shirt is holding a frisbee .
two girls are holding up a fence in front of a fence .
children are standing on a fence .
the cars are racing .
a group of children are looking at a man .
a boy in front of a goal .
a woman is walking down the street .
a girl in a pink shirt is dancing .
a group of people in a subway station .
a team member of a team is practicing karate .
cars are racing around a track .
a boy plays with a small child in a garden .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people waiting for customers .
two cars racing on a racetrack .
a man walking down the street holding something .
a man walks along the street .
a man with a bag walks along the street .
a man with a bag walks down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking through a doorway .
a man is walking down the street .
people are shopping at a food store .
a man and woman are selling food .
a group of people are buying goods .
a man in a white shirt is checking out a line of food .
two people shopping at a store .
a boy is pouring water into a bucket .
a man holding a hotdog .
a woman playing a guitar .
a girl in a blue tank top is playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman in a blue tank top plays the violin .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman leans against a wall playing a guitar .
a woman is playing an instrument .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a child is playing in the snow .
four people are swimming in a pool .
three people playing soccer in a field .
four people are sitting in water .
two boys are playing in the snow .
three men are playing soccer on the ground .
a group of people having a conversation .
three people are sitting at a table .
a man sitting at a table with his friends .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman is sitting in a chair with two men .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a woman in an orange dress is walking past a bus .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a person is riding a bus .
a man looking out of a window .
a man in a white shirt plays the drums .
a boy is on a sailboat on a lake .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl in a black t shirt with a black t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
a person in a harness climbing on a wooden pole .
a little boy is playing with a boat .
a boy climbing a ladder .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is looking at the water .
a person is taking a photo on a tripod .
a person sits alone on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a view of the ocean .
a man is sitting on the ledge of a cliff .
a person is standing next to a body of water .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a purple suit is standing next to a purple pole .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar on a sidewalk .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman and two men sit on a bench .
a lady in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is using an axe in the subway .
a girl with brown hair is sitting in the water .
a group of children are playing together .
two men are standing in front of a firetruck .
a girl with brown hair swims in the water .
a martial arts martial arts match .
a woman in a black tank top is walking down the street .
three children jump into a pool .
a skier is sitting on the ground next to a tree .
children playing in a pool .
a group of people are preparing to swim .
children playing in a pool .
three children jump in a pool .
a woman rides her bike down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in blue jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a basketball player shooting a basketball .
a child playing in a backyard .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy plays in the leaves .
a child is playing in the leaves .
a black and white dog is crying .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
people on a beach .
a man is sitting on the beach on a beach .
a young man in a blue shirt and jeans is taking a soccer ball .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are playing with a ball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young african american boy jumps off a soccer ball while another looks on .
two men are standing on the beach at the beach .
a young boy in a black match is wrestling .
a man about to hit a tennis ball .
two men wrestling in a wrestling match .
two men wrestling .
a person is sweeping a hole .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy is looking at a monument .
three men are walking down the street .
a dog playing in a field .
an asian woman on a scooter .
a young boy is sweeping stairs in front of a large stone structure .
a woman with a tattoo on her back is riding a unicycle .
a woman rides her bike down the street .
a dog in the water .
a black and white dog is running .
cyclists race down the street .
a black dog in the water .
bikers racing in the city .
a group of people are walking down the street .
four people are racing down a road .
three men in black shirts are standing in a field .
a group of children are walking down the street .
a group of children standing behind a man in a blue shirt .
a group of children are standing in front of a crowd .
a man leads a line of children .
a man is leading a group of children .
a child is standing next to a tree .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting on a swing .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a street performer playing with a crowd .
a young woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person in a blue shirt is dancing barefoot .
a woman dancing on the sidewalk .
a young woman is walking down the sidewalk .
a young woman is dancing barefoot in front of a building .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a drum .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar in a city street .
a drummer sings into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man playing the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a trumpet at a street festival .
a man in a black shirt playing the drums in the street .
a man in a black t shirt and black pants is standing in front of a street festival .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of people in a mall .
a group of people walking down the street .
a puppy runs through a field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a small dog plays on the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
two men are competing in a race .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a group of people in a factory .
men playing soccer .
a group of men playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt playing field hockey .
two boys are playing in the woods .
two hockey players are playing in the field .
a hockey player takes a break .
a group of people in a mall .
a woman is walking in the yard .
a group of people on bikes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people racing on bikes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person with lots of plants in the background .
a group of people are standing in front of a car .
two people standing in front of a train car .
a man wearing a hat is on a hillside .
a group of people are dancing .
a girl is weaving .
people are gathered in front of a group of people .
a woman taking a break from work .
two men are dancing in front of a crowd .
a man is hanging upside down on a sunny day .
a person is flying through the air .
a person is floating on a boat .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a person is taking a break from a hike .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people dressed in colorful clothing .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a clown is playing with a little girl .
two adults and a child in a park .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a street vendor is showing a product .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl is looking at a clown .
a woman weaving a piece of paper .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
two dancers are performing on a stage .
a man and a woman are dancing together .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a mother and her two children at a festival .
a lady and a woman are talking to a carnival on a carnival .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a straw hat is walking down the street .
a woman in a headscarf is pulling two young boys in a store .
a group of people playing music .
two men dressed in black are playing the accordion .
a man is standing behind a man in a white shirt .
a group of people playing music .
three men , one in a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
two men are standing on a basketball court .
a band plays on stage .
a man is holding a box .
a man working with a pig .
a man in a blue shirt is using a chainsaw .
a man is working on a project .
a man is holding a pig .
a man is standing in front of a large dog .
a person on top of a rock .
a man and a woman are sitting in a room .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a man is riding a horse .
an old man is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing in a field .
a person riding a horse on a snowy hill .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a red jacket is holding a red jacket .
a person in a jacket is standing in front of a building .
a group of people climbing a tree .
four people are sitting on a tree stump .
a group of people sitting on tree branches .
four people are sitting on a tree .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing around a wooden structure .
four people are taking pictures in front of a tree .
four people are standing next to a tree .
a woman sitting on a statue of a statue .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman with flowers sits on a chair .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a piece of art .
a person is reading a book .
a group of seven workers are walking by a boat .
a group of men walking down the street .
two men are walking along a dock .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are working on a dock .
a woman is selling items from a market .
a woman and a dog are sitting on steps .
a woman is sitting on steps .
a woman is sitting on stairs selling items .
a group of girls are walking down a sidewalk .
two girls walk down the road with an umbrella .
two women standing in the rain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women are walking with one another .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two girls walk under an umbrella .
a group of people smiling and laughing .
a group of people marching through a street .
a group of men and women standing outside .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people celebrating a wedding .
a group of people in a parade .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a view of the mountains .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man looking at food .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food .
people standing outside of a restaurant .
a man is standing in front of plants .
three people are sleeping on a couch .
a man in a t shirt stands in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man working at a construction site .
a worker is holding an object .
a woman playing tennis .
a person is cheering .
a man and a woman are cleaning something .
a tennis player is hitting a tennis ball .
a girl in front of a band playing in front of a band .
a female cheerleader with a ponytail is posing for a picture .
a girl in a red shirt and blue shorts is playing soccer .
a child splashing in a small pool .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy plays in a small pool .
a woman in a pink shirt and black pants is sitting in front of an older woman .
a woman and a man are playing instruments .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a group of people are singing .
a man and a woman are performing a kiss .
a woman in an orange shirt plays the accordion .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a woman in a dress sings into a microphone .
a man in a kilt sings into a microphone while a woman sings .
a woman in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman is sitting on her head on her head .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is blowing bubbles from a toy .
a woman in a dress is blowing bubbles in the street .
a girl in a dress is dancing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman taking a picture .
a person is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is teaching a young boy how to use a book .
a black and white dog is driving over rocks .
a group of musicians sitting outside on the street .
a group of musicians sitting outside on the street .
a man is holding a shopping cart .
a man demonstrating how to do a demonstration .
a man in a jacket is looking at the water .
two young boys talking to a man .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
a group of african american boys talking with a white man in a garage .
four children talking with an adult .
a group of young boys in purple and gray uniforms are playing soccer .
a city worker cleaning leaves .
a group of people are looking at something .
two dogs look at each other .
a little girl is smiling .
three people are standing in front of a restaurant .
a girl in pink shorts and a pink shirt is smiling .
two women in a shoe store .
a smiling girl is smiling at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman wearing protective gear is skating .
a person wearing a helmet is skating .
a woman in black kneels on rollerskater .
a woman in black kneels on rollerskater .
two people sitting on a car .
a city intersection with a cloudy sky .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a man is walking on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are cleaning crops .
a group of people are in the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a large cake .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two children are playing soccer .
a group of children playing in a field .
a group of children at a park .
kids are climbing up a rock wall .
two dogs are carrying toys .
a man in a black leather jacket and cowboy hat is standing on a street .
a group of people are gathered around a picnic table .
a group of african american people are gathered outside .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people standing around a table .
a woman in shorts and a tank top hula hoops .
a roller derby team stands with arms outstretched .
a woman is about to kick a basketball .
a woman is standing with her arms raised .
a woman wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a group of people dressed in blue , white , and blue uniforms are dancing .
two boys wearing long sleeve shirts are sitting on a bench .
two people waving and waving .
children practicing yoga in a gym .
two children are looking at something .
two boys look up at the sky .
two children are looking up .
a group of children are stretching each other .
people eating outside of a restaurant .
a man is holding a newspaper .
a woman watches a german shepherd .
an old man in a blue shirt is working on an anvil .
a man climbing a rock .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is sleeping on the ground .
a bicyclist is riding his bike .
a man in a white shirt is using a bicycle .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an older man is talking on a cellphone .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a child is sliding down a slide .
a boy in a red shirt with a red shirt on .
a bearded man is using a sewing machine .
a man reading a newspaper in a car .
a man reading a book .
a man sits under a cliff overlooking a cliff .
a woman is painting a picture .
two traffic cones in the street .
a construction worker in a red and white striped shirt and white cap is walking down the street .
a group of people are working on the street at night .
two men cleaning up the road .
a dog swims in a lake .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
three dogs swimming in the water .
two men are working on a project .
three men are working on a fence .
three men are sitting on a park bench .
two people are jumping in the air in the water .
two people jumping into water .
people swimming in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is working on a fence .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a firetruck drives past a firetruck .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of firemen are standing on the street .
a man walking down the street in front of a truck .
a jogger is jogging with a dog .
a group of people dancing in front of a railing .
soccer players playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer on a field .
a group of people having drinks and drinks .
a girl is running in a field .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a child in a green shirt with a green shirt on .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a red shirt is running in a race .
a child running in a race .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a young girl running in a race .
students in a martial arts match .
a man and a dog are playing with a dog .
a young boy in a headband is holding a ribbon .
a young boy with brown hair and a white shirt is sitting on a couch .
a man is coloring on a pillow .
two people standing next to each other .
a young boy in a blue shirt is painting a picture .
a young boy in a blue shirt is getting his face painted .
a person is painting a picture .
a boy with red letters on his face .
a child is sitting on a bench .
a person is painting a picture .
a child wearing a face paint .
a boy with writing on his cheek .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch .
a young boy wearing a scarf on his head .
a young boy with a scarf on his head .
a young girl with paint on her face .
a child with writing on his face .
a small child with a red bandanna on her face .
a child wearing a bandanna on his face .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a child with writing on his face .
a child is holding a balloon .
a woman walking in the rain .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
two black dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running in a field .
a lady in a city setting is preparing to cross the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
a tennis player is hitting a tennis ball .
a tennis player on a tennis court hits the tennis ball .
a band is playing music .
a man is riding a horse .
a boy in a pool swimming pool .
a woman is carrying bags of bags .
a small child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a marching band is practicing their routine .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a boat .
a woman is sitting in a boat .
a person skiing down a hill .
workers are posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is holding an object .
a dog jumps in the air .
a brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of people playing football at a football game .
a band plays for a crowd of people .
a group of african american men in white and white uniforms .
a group of musicians in matching uniforms play instruments .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are performing martial arts .
a group of people performing on stage .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a baseball player tries to hit the ball .
three elderly women are talking .
a man looking at something .
a young person runs through a puddle .
a crowd of people are standing on a stage .
a person in a green hat and green vest is looking at something .
a construction worker sitting on a bench .
a woman is holding a large bubble in her hand .
a woman blowing bubbles .
a group of young children , one in a red shirt and one in blue ,
a woman is blowing bubbles .
two children swimming in a pool .
two young boys swimming in green water .
two boys swimming in a fountain .
a person swimming in a pool .
a snowboarder climbs a hill .
two people swimming in a pool .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a man and a child are swimming in a pool .
a man and a girl are swimming in a pool .
a man with a ring in a ring .
a young girl jumping into a puddle .
a group of children are playing on a stage .
a class of students in a classroom .
two boys are playing in the snow .
two children are playing soccer .
two children are playing together .
two boys are playing soccer .
two young boys are playing the drums .
two boys are playing in the snow .
two boys are playing with a video camera .
two children are playing in front of a video camera .
two boys are playing in the street .
two boys are posing for a picture .
two young people playing in the snow .
two boys playing a game of monopoly .
a motorcyclist is racing on his motorcycle .
a woman carrying a shopping cart .
a motorcycle racer rides a motorcycle .
a motorcycle racer in a red helmet is racing .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a man is chopping wood .
a guy with short hair and a blue shirt is chopping wood .
a man is cutting wood .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a child on a snow dune .
a man sits outside of a temple .
a girl jumping over a puddle .
a police officer and a police officer on the street .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a bird is on rocks .
a group of police officers are in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs in the woods .
a little brown dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people standing around a field .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people gather for a party .
a boy with a backpack walks along a trail .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a pile of hay .
a person is standing on a snow covered hill .
a man in a white shirt and blue pants is skiing down a snowy hill .
a person stands on a snow covered hill .
a person is standing on ice .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a person in a white shirt is standing in front of ice cream .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a person standing in the snow .
a lady is feeding a child .
a mother and her child eating .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a mother feeding her son .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a little girl with blond hair is holding two young boys .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a group of motorcycles on the street .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a large stick .
a group of people crossing a bridge .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit talks on his cellphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a man is sleeping on a bench with garbage bottles .
police officers talking .
two police officers working together .
a person is sitting on a park bench .
people getting ready for martial arts .
a bride in a white dress is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of men playing instruments .
a man is stopped on the road .
a blue car drives down a track .
a race car gets ready for the race .
a race car in a race .
two construction workers in a factory .
two men are working at a construction site .
two men work in a factory .
two people are working at a construction site .
two people are working on an assembly line .
a group of people are in the snow .
a group of people are walking through the snow .
a group of people on a ski lift .
a black man is working with a white and white ribbon .
two people are working on a project .
a man and a woman are working together .
a man and a woman are working on a monument .
a white man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt work at a deli .
a man and woman are working at work .
a group of people working in a factory factory .
a man and woman are working together .
a woman in a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt and a white man in a white shirt are working at a convention .
a black woman working at a factory .
a woman in a green dress stands behind a man in a green dress .
a group of people are working together .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man helping another woman 's face .
a man is helping another man 's face .
a group of people work in a museum .
a woman is holding a child .
two basketball players compete for the ball .
a group of motorcyclists are racing down a road .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are driving down a road .
two motorcyclists racing on a track .
two motorcycle racers are racing through a race .
three motorcycle riders are riding on a track .
two motorcycles racing on a racetrack .
two motorcycles racing in a race .
two cyclists race on a track .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman in a white tank top and black pants is pouring a haircut .
a man sitting on a boat .
a basketball player tries to block the ball .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people looking at something .
two women standing in snow .
a man and a woman are shoveling snow .
two women are looking at a tower .
a large group of people are standing in a field .
two women standing in the snow .
a girl in a red shirt prepares to throw a basketball .
two women are standing next to a statue .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs run through grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two small dogs play in the snow .
a child is doing a skateboard trick .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a boy holding a basketball .
a young boy is running in a race .
a young boy is playing basketball .
a young boy is playing basketball .
an old man plays the accordion while a child watches .
a man in an orange shirt is watching an event .
a boy is playing in the mud .
a group of people listening to music .
a black and white dog runs away from the camera .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women taking a stroll .
two women walking down the street .
two friends walk in a garden .
two girls walk along a creek .
a group of people are walking on a road .
police officers are standing outside of a building .
a little kid is standing outside in the snow .
a person in front of a vehicle .
a child in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a little kid is standing in the snow with a shovel .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans stands in front of a store .
people in front of a building .
a group of police motorcycles are on the sidewalk .
police officers on the street .
a group of people are walking in an outdoor setting .
police officers on the street .
three police officers are standing on the street .
a boy in a yellow shirt is eating something .
a child in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
four people are walking down the street .
a person eating food .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman coming out of a store .
a woman wearing jeans and glasses is sweeping the street .
a man and a woman are leaving a store .
two women are walking along a city street .
a group of men are working on computers .
a group of young men are using computers .
a woman in a white shirt is pushing another woman .
a person is holding his head up .
a group of people are watching an event .
a man skiing down a mountain .
two guys on skis .
two skiers are skiing in the snow .
soccer players competing in a race .
a man and a woman are riding their bikes down the street .
people are running in a race .
a boy looking over a railing .
a man in a white shirt is throwing something .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a man is showing his belly .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is walking with children .
a woman in a skirt and a pink shirt is walking down the street .
five people crossing a road .
a woman and four children walk down the street .
several people are crossing the street .
a group of children are dancing .
a group of children are performing on stage .
young girl dancing on stage .
four girls in pink and white are posing for a picture .
young girls dancing .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a little boy is standing in shallow water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on the beach .
a little boy is playing in the water .
a young boy in a wetsuit is standing in the ocean .
a man is drinking from a card .
a boy laughing and laughing .
a small child splashing in water .
a young child is smiling while playing in the water .
a young child is swimming in the water .
a young child is playing in the water .
a child is playing in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a young boy is playing at the beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a busy street with many people .
pedestrians walk down a crowded street .
a group of people stand on the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking through a street .
two people are selling fruit .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered outside of a store .
a group of people gathered around a market .
a group of people are walking in a crowd .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people walk down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people walk around in the street .
a choir is singing into a microphone with a piano .
a black singer is playing a piano in the background .
a group of people standing near a piano .
a group of people are singing .
a man in a suit and a man in a suit are standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are singing and singing .
a choir is singing into a microphone .
a choir in a church .
a choir is performing in a concert .
a choir is performing on stage .
a man in a suit is singing into a microphone .
a group of people sitting on chairs .
a man wearing a hat is posing for a picture .
a girl jumping in the air .
a man is welding a piece of metal .
a man working on a pipe .
a group of people on grass .
a construction worker in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a man is holding something in his hand .
a man in a brown hoodie looks at fruit .
a man is playing golf .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a man in a black shirt is balancing on a beam .
a young boy doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man is using a hammer .
a person standing behind a plate of food .
a woman selling food .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman standing behind a counter selling bread .
a woman is standing at a market selling vegetables .
a woman is talking to a man .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is pulling a statue across a wood floor .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a person in a red jacket is riding a mule down the street .
a football player tries to tackle the ball .
a soccer player is playing a game with a ball .
a man is holding a ball .
a football player in an orange jersey is playing football .
a team of hockey players with orange jerseys are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a drink .
a man in a white shirt is sitting at a table with a drink .
a person wearing a hat and a hat is walking down a street .
a bartender is pouring liquid into a container .
a bartender is pouring a drink .
a bartender is making drinks .
a young man in a white shirt is looking over something .
a man in a white shirt is drinking a beer .
a man is pouring a drink into a glass .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man in a red shirt is making a funny face .
a man in a blue shirt sings into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two children are playing in the sand .
two guys are getting ready for a chicken .
a sign with many people in the background .
a man and a woman at a computer .
a group of children are sitting and writing and writing .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are looking at a computer .
two children play in the yard .
a woman in black and white is standing in front of a microphone .
three people hiking through a forest .
a city intersection with trees in the background .
a group of people hiking through the woods .
a group of people are walking through a desert .
three backpackers hike through the woods .
a group of people on a snowy mountain .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a man in a green shirt is running in a golf field .
a boy throwing a ball .
two jockeys competing in a race .
a man snowboarding down a snowy hill .
people riding horses .
a group of people are hanging around a building .
a group of people are watching a television .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball .
a young boy pushing a toy wagon .
two small boys are playing in a metal bag .
a man is playing with a child .
a man is playing with a little girl in the ocean .
a man and a girl on a beach .
two people are standing near the ocean .
a man and a small girl sit on a beach .
a man and a girl are playing on the beach .
a man throwing a child into the air .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
a child in a blue shirt is throwing a ball into the air .
three men are sitting in a room .
a man in a long sleeve shirt and jeans is walking down a sidewalk .
people working on railroad tracks .
three men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are working on a project .
three men sitting on a bench .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball .
a person is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a person is looking over a dog .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
a man with glasses works in a laboratory .
a group of people in a gym .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
several people in a building looking at bicycles .
a group of people are looking at bicycles .
people looking at bicycles .
a group of people looking at bicycles .
a little boy throwing a football on a football field .
two women walk along a path .
a boy in a blue shirt is pointing at something .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people walking out of a building .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a tunnel .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a red dress walks past a tunnel .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in a tunnel .
a woman in a blue skirt is holding a blue purse .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a white shirt is standing in a theater .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to an archway .
a boy in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a man playing an accordion in the street .
a man playing the violin .
a man playing the violin .
a man playing the violin .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a dog plays with a stick .
a girl is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a woman is reading a book .
a dog runs in a forest .
a woman laying on grass reading a book .
a little girl is sitting on a park bench .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a kid skateboarding on a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is teaching a young boy in a blue shirt .
a woman is standing outside of a bicycle .
a little boy is standing next to a car .
a young child plays with a toy toy .
a man in a yellow vest is standing on a pumpkin .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two women are carrying umbrellas .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man and a woman are waiting for a train .
two women with umbrellas on the side of the road .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man running after a tennis ball .
a woman in a lab lab is working in a lab .
a man playing tennis on a court .
a man in a lab is looking at a microscope .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a brick wall .
a group of people in a classroom .
a woman is sitting on a bench in a shop .
two men wearing hats are standing in front of a fire .
two men wearing hats are standing in front of a building .
two men wearing hats are standing in front of a building .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a black shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are
two men wearing hats are wearing hats .
a woman and a woman are standing in the middle of a street .
a little girl is running with a shovel .
a child carrying a shovel over a hole .
a young girl is playing in the dirt .
a boy is holding a shovel .
a man in a white hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a snowboarder in the snow .
two children are playing in the snow .
two children are playing in the sand .
children are playing in the water .
a man in a red shirt is taking a picture .
a child holds a small child .
a kid in a blue uniform playing soccer .
a blond girl is playing soccer .
a girl playing soccer .
a girl kicking a soccer ball .
a man is attempting to throw a horse .
an old man is working on a project .
a man is riding a horse in a rodeo .
a cowboy is performing a trick on the ground .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a brown dog runs through a park .
a dog chases a toy in the grass .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a dog playing with a ball .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a dog chases a toy .
a man in a white shirt is throwing a horn .
two monks are standing in front of a sign .
a child is playing in a box .
a boy smiles as he smiles .
a boy smiles at the camera .
a little girl in a pink dress holding two watermelons .
a young person in an orange shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the sky .
a city street with many people in the background .
an old man looking at the street at night .
a street scene at night .
an artist is taking a picture .
a little boy stands under a tree .
an asian man crouches behind two men .
a group of people standing around a table .
young children are surfing .
a group of children at school school .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people pose for a picture .
a man is playing a guitar for an audience .
two motorcyclists racing in a race .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a man in a blue shirt working on a project .
a vendor is standing next to a booth .
a child is holding a railing .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing next to a tree .
a man with a camera is holding a camera .
a person in a blue shirt is waving next to a motorcycle .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a man is making a drink .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two police officers looking at something .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men are taking pictures .
two men are taking pictures .
two men standing next to a car taking pictures .
a group of men taking pictures .
two men standing next to a car .
two people are walking down the street .
two men are standing next to a gate .
two men are playing in a pool .
two children playing with bubbles .
a group of women dancing .
two girls on a tire swing .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a boy brushing his teeth .
a man is sitting in a bathroom .
plants in the garden .
a little boy brushing his teeth .
a bicyclist is laying on the ground .
a child is shaving a dog .
a large crowd of people are standing in the middle of a street .
a group of people in the street .
a crowd of people gather in a market .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a woman swinging on a swing .
young girls holding a large piece of paper .
children giving a presentation .
a group of football players on the field .
a man is swinging on a swing .
two women walking down the street .
two women looking out the street .
three women are walking down the street .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a black jacket and cowboy hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a person with makeup on her face .
a man with long brown hair is holding a stick .
a man in a white shirt is operating a machine .
a man is riding a motorcycle on a motorcycle .
two men standing next to each other .
two men working on a project .
two men are watching another man in a forest .
a group of people are standing in front of a body of water .
a group of people are lined up at a dock .
people gather around a body of water .
several people are sitting on a dock in a grassy field next to a row of bicycles .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a chinese street scene .
a woman is holding an object .
the dog is running through the grass .
a brown dog is playing with a stick .
a group of people in a room .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people are sitting at a cafe at a cafe .
the floor is set up on the floor .
a crowd of people are sitting on a green grassy hill .
two boys are practicing martial arts .
two men are sitting in a room .
a woman standing next to a table .
a child in a red shirt is running in a race .
a man with a ball in the middle of a soccer field .
a man in a red shirt is sitting in a room with a red tablecloth .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
an asian woman holding a piece of paper .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of adults walking across a walkway .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man paddles a small boat .
a man with his hands in his hands .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
a man paddles across water .
a man and a woman are sitting on a ledge in front of a building .
a man and two children are riding horses .
a group of young men , one in a red shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in front of a white gate .
a police officer crouches next to a police officer .
two police officers are on horses .
two police officers are standing on horses .
a group of police officers are crossing the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
two people walk up the stairs .
a climber is jumping off a rock .
students are practicing martial arts .
a woman is walking down the street .
two girls competing in martial arts .
a man is climbing a rope on his belt .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a group of men climbing a rock face on a sunny day .
a man climbing up a mountain .
a man is standing next to a building .
people working on laptops .
a man taking pictures of a man in a blue shirt .
a man taking a picture .
a man is buying produce from a man .
a man taking a picture of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is climbing a building .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a roof .
a man on top of a roof .
a man is climbing on a roof .
a man is fixing a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
a baby is holding a rubber pot .
a woman with tattoo on her head .
an asian woman with a brown horse is riding a horse .
a woman is riding a horse down the road .
a person wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a woman dressed in green and brown .
a woman riding a horse in a parade .
a group of birds in a field .
the birds are in the water .
a group of birds gathered around a boat .
the birds are in the water .
a group of birds in the water .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of african american children sitting at a table .
a group of children sitting on a park bench .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children in front of a building .
a man stands next to a man in a white shirt .
a man sits under an umbrella .
a group of adults and children sitting on a park bench .
a person is riding a bike .
two people dig on the beach .
kids playing in the water .
two children are trying to climb the ground .
two children are playing in the sand .
a group of people are digging up the ground .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a man 's back .
two young men perform on stage .
two men are performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a field .
a man and a woman are playing outside .
two children are playing on a teeter totter .
a man with yellow shoes and a gray hat is standing on top of a seesaw .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two people are working on a bike .
a young boy is standing next to a bike .
a young boy is riding a bike .
a young boy is working on his bike .
a child is fixing his bike .
a young boy is trying to fix his bike .
a man is fixing a vehicle .
a group of people are riding bikes .
two people repairing a bicycle .
a man and a woman are fixing something .
a bicyclist is fixing a bicycle .
a person is fixing his bicycle on a dirt road .
a dog laying on the grass .
a person is jumping in the air .
a man in a black shirt is sitting next to a dog with a butterfly on it .
a white dog and a brown dog are laying down on a blue jacket .
a group of men gather around a table .
a group of people gather in a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a park .
a crowd of people waiting for an event .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is running on a bucking bronco .
a group of young women are sitting in a hallway in a hallway .
children in blue shirts are writing .
a group of children working on a project .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a group of children sitting on a bench .
a group of people are writing together .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people performing music .
a group of people performing music .
a band is performing on stage .
three people are performing on stage .
a band performs at a concert .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
families having a good time .
a group of people are standing under a banner .
children standing on cement steps .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a woman is reading a book outdoors .
a man is jumping off of a cliff .
a lady wearing boots is walking down the street .
a group of martial arts students are practicing martial arts .
two men are fighting in a martial arts match .
a small girl pulls her head in a bucket .
two people are fencing .
people are competing in a basketball game .
a group of people watching a fencing competition .
two athletes in a fencing match .
a dog swimming in the water .
a dog swims underwater .
a brown dog runs through the water .
the brown dog is splashing through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a young girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl opening christmas presents .
a group of people are walking down the street .
four people cleaning grass .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in a line .
a man in a harness is pulling over the water .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a person in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a man and a woman are dancing .
two men are performing on a street .
a man and a woman are watching a street performer .
a street performer is playing with a guitar .
two men are sitting on a ledge listening to each other .
a man playing a guitar and singing .
a woman is playing softball .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is waiting for the light .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a man is standing on a busy street .
a group of people are picking up trash .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are planting flowers .
three people are planting flowers .
a group of people in a backyard .
several cats are working together .
a group of people in a garden .
a group of people are walking in the garden .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is using a microphone .
a boy swings on a rope swing .
a boy hangs from a rope on a rope .
a boy swings on a rope .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a tree stump .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a van .
a young boy is riding a rope .
a child is running away from the camera .
a guy working on a project .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a girl getting ready to sing into a microphone .
a man standing by a bar .
a man standing near a bar .
a man stands in front of a bar .
a man is standing in front of a bar .
a guy in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a vendor in a white shirt presents his wares at a baseball game .
a man in a suit in a bar .
a man is standing next to a dumpster .
a group of people working on a roof .
a man is preparing to perform a microphone .
two men are holding onto ropes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people on a train .
a group of people are playing tug of war .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people are in the air .
a man is bowling .
a tattoo is being held by a woman .
a man in a red and black wetsuit surfing .
a man in shorts and a t shirt jumping in the desert .
two people having a conversation .
a cyclist rides his bike .
a man in a blue shirt is holding an object .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a stone wall .
an artist in an orange shirt is playing an accordion .
a man in a white shirt is working on a shelf .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a father helps his fish .
people are walking on the beach .
a brown dog is running across the grass .
a girl is sitting in a tub of water .
a dog swims in the water .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a person in front of a mountain .
a man in a green shirt and white hat fixing a fan next to a display of fans .
people are playing in the snow .
a mother and child walk in the snow .
a woman and her son walk down the street .
a child and a woman are playing a game .
a woman and a child play in the snow .
a little boy and a little boy are sitting at a table .
a man in a black shirt is dancing .
a woman in an orange shirt is looking at something .
a man dancing in front of a crowd .
two boys playing with a ball in a park .
three children are playing in a park .
two boys playing basketball in a field .
three young boys playing with a red ball at a park .
three boys playing in a park .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a boy playing a guitar .
a boy playing the guitar .
three boys are playing music .
three people playing instruments .
a man with a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a black shirt and one in a black
a group of people are riding bikes on a sunny day .
a man playing the guitar .
a boy is riding a bike .
a man is playing his guitar outside .
a street performer playing the guitar .
a woman walking by a man in a white shirt .
two men are jumping in the air .
a man and a woman riding bikes .
two people riding bikes past a grassy field .
a group of people riding bikes .
two people are riding bikes down the street .
people are playing in a garage .
two horses running in a field .
a group of people riding bikes on a sunny day .
a policeman standing by a building .
a boy in a blue jacket is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are climbing a structure .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of people in a wedding party .
people walking into a building .
a man in a uniform is looking at something .
people are driving on a road .
a man is reading a book .
a swimmer is reading in the water .
a group of people in the rain .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a person is sitting on a boat in the water .
a child in a green shirt and blue jeans is sitting on the ground .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass .
children standing next to a counter .
a scuba diver diving into a pool .
a woman is playing a keyboard .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a white shirt is reaching for a drink .
a scuba diver in the water .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is taking a bath .
a man and a woman are at a lake .
a young girl holding a flower .
a girl walking by a body of water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is shaving his hair .
a man is cutting a piece of paper .
a young man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is getting a haircut .
a man getting his haircut .
two people are walking next to each other .
two men are sweeping a room .
a young boy is getting her haircut .
two men are cleaning a room .
a woman is reading a book .
a child is buried in sand on the beach .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child on the beach with his legs in the sand .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a child is on a beach .
a blond boy is smiling at the camera .
a boy with his eyes closed in the sand .
a child in the sand .
two children walk down a sidewalk in the winter .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a bouquet of flowers .
two people are swimming in a pool .
a girl in a pink shirt cutting cheese .
two girls swimming in a pool .
a young girl is cutting a cheese .
a man jumps into a backyard pool .
a man is jumping in the air .
a young boy in swim trunks is jumping into the water .
a man is swimming in a pool .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
two people are standing in front of a wooden wall .
a young person is looking off screen screen screen .
two women are standing next to each other .
a man jumping in the air .
a group of people are on a beach .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people working on a train .
a man in a blue bathing suit holds a small stick .
two men talking on the beach .
a man is walking on a beach .
two men are talking on the beach at the beach .
two men are talking to the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a baseball player slides down the slide .
a man slides into a base .
a baseball player catches a baseball .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
a boy rolls a ball at a bowling alley .
a boy is playing bowling .
two men are playing soccer .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a person taking a picture of a woman .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
three dogs running in the dirt .
a man in a hockey uniform is watching the ice hockey .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a person is jumping in the air .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a hockey player on the ice .
a man in a black shirt is showing off his arms .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a woman is talking to another woman .
a beach volleyball player on the beach .
a group of young boys playing in the snow .
four boys are playing in the sand .
boys playing on a merry go round .
four children ride a merry go round .
children playing in a park .
two boys are playing in a park .
four boys playing in the sand .
a mother and daughter enjoying themselves in the sand at the beach .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to hit a tennis ball .
a woman holding a cigarette .
a woman in black is standing in front of a crowd .
a black and white dog looks at something .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are playing in the snow .
three guys in green shirts are standing in a field .
two actors are performing on stage .
a dog runs through a creek .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a sink .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two men are having a meal .
a crowd of people sitting at a table .
four people are dressed in blue and blue .
a group of people are eating food .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a soccer player in a red uniform is getting ready to kick the soccer ball .
a girl running towards a tennis ball .
a group of people are flying kites .
a girl playing soccer .
a boy looking through a telescope .
a man looking at something .
a girl in a striped shirt looks at something .
a child looking at a rock .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is shoveling the goal .
a man is riding a plane .
a little girl is running through a field .
an athlete prepares to run .
two children hiding together .
two children are hiding in the grass .
a man and a woman are hiding together .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
two children playing in a field .
a baseball player dribbles the ball .
a crowd of people in a stadium .
a man is diving for a shot .
a group of men are working in a classroom .
a group of construction workers working on a construction site .
a group of men and women are working in a town .
a group of men are working on a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
construction workers are working on a project .
construction workers are standing on a wall .
construction workers are standing at a construction site .
a group of people sitting on a wall .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of workers are standing in front of a building .
a soccer player is preparing to throw the ball .
a dog runs down the shore .
a woman putting on makeup .
a dog walks through the grass .
a dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a bus is filled with people .
two men are riding a train .
a young boy is standing in front of a red house .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man sitting on a bench listening to music .
a man in a white shirt stands in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
two people are walking and holding hands .
a man in a white shirt is walking down a street .
a bicyclist waits for the race .
a man is riding a bike .
a bike rider is walking on the sidewalk .
a cat looking away .
a bridge carrying purple flowers .
a man rollerblading in a skate park .
a person in a helmet is jumping in midair .
a skateboarder in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard .
people walking down a street .
a rollerblader on a ramp .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is standing next to a wall .
a young child stands in the snow .
a child is hiding on the ground .
a child in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a person is hiding on the ground .
a person standing outside of a building .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
a woman is selling money from an atm .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a tree .
a man standing on a ladder .
an elderly man works on a tree .
an old man in an orange shirt is planting a tree .
a man climbing a ladder on a ladder .
a person is working on an atm .
a man is working on an atm .
a man on a ladder looks at plants .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims with a stick in its mouth .
a dog is trying to catch a stick in the water .
a dog carrying a log in its mouth .
a dog plays in the water .
a dog in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog carrying a small log in its mouth .
a man is climbing ice .
a person is climbing ice .
a man climbing a wall .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little boy is sitting in a chair .
a young boy sits in a chair .
a small boy plays in the water .
a young child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are working together .
a man is sitting on a sign .
a girl wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a lady taking a picture of a plant .
a person with a helmet is riding a bike .
a white woman is taking a picture .
a young woman poses for a picture .
a woman in a blue shirt is crying .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing on the beach .
a surfer surfing in the ocean .
a person is swimming in the water .
a surfer is about to catch a surfboard .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a family smiling and smiling .
a group of adults and children are holding a small child .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two couples are holding their children .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a baby is holding a baby .
a man is operating heavy machinery on ice tracks .
a man is cutting ice .
a man working on a patch of ice .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a person in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a gray hat is sitting on a bench .
a man is pushing a cart .
a man is walking over ice .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man and a woman at a party .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men sitting in chairs in chairs .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a busy city street .
two men jumping over each other .
a baseball player in a white shirt is playing a baseball game .
a baseball player tries to hit the base .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people are singing .
a group of people at a fair .
people walking in front of graffiti .
a choir in a church .
a choir of people in a church .
a choir is standing in a church .
a choir in a church in a church .
a choir dressed in red and white stands in a church .
a large group of musicians are standing on a stage .
a group of men and women wearing red coat and a woman in a red coat and a woman in a red coat .
a group of people working on a project .
a man is training a dog .
a man on a bicycle is standing on a train .
a man and a woman are standing at a table .
a large white dog is training in the air .
a group of people are watching a man walk down the street .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is performing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt holding a rope .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is walking on a rope .
a man is walking a rope on the ground .
a boy is riding a donkey .
a boy in a blue shirt is pointing at another boy .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
three men are welding a drum .
three dogs running in the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a woman is sitting on a stool in front of a restaurant .
two girls are walking down the street .
a group of people racing on a track .
a girl in a bikini is playing in the sand .
a man is leaning against a wall .
a woman is looking at her friend 's back .
three people are walking on the beach .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people playing music in a room .
an orchestra performs on stage .
a group of people are playing music on a stage .
two guys climbing up a stone wall .
a group of people are watching an orchestra .
a hockey player is looking away from the camera .
a baseball player smiles at the camera .
a man skating in a skate park .
a hockey player takes a shot .
a hockey player in blue slides down the ice .
a man hitting a puck in a hockey game .
a little girl is laughing while holding a young girl .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a drum .
there are buildings in the background .
a person climbing stairs .
four adults are walking up stairs in front of a woman .
people climbing stairs .
a person jumping in the air .
a man is standing on a street .
a man in a business suit walks past graffiti .
a man is standing next to a sign .
a man in a business suit walks past a store .
a baseball player throwing the ball .
a pitcher in a baseball cap throws a ball in a baseball game .
a pitcher is throwing a pitch .
a baseball player throwing a baseball .
a pitcher in a baseball cap is about to throw a baseball .
a man in a mask is standing in a crowd .
a baseball player is about to throw the ball .
a basketball player in a white jersey is running .
a baseball player throws the ball .
a basketball player in a red jersey is attempting to hit the ball .
a man in a red shirt is playing a game .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a man in a uniform prepares to throw a ball .
a baseball player in a red jersey is playing a baseball game .
a group of people in a baseball stadium .
people watching a baseball game .
a pitcher in a baseball uniform is throwing the ball .
a baseball player prepares to throw a pitch .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman is playing with a ball .
two men on a city street .
two men are walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with a shopping cart with a shopping cart .
a young man in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
a man pushing a cart down the street .
a young man in a leather jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is sitting under a table under a tent .
a woman relaxing in a chair .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in a tent .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a white box with a white box .
a woman in a red shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt smiles .
a man brushing her teeth while sitting in a chair .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a climber climbs a wall .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a little girl is drinking a drink .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
children listening to music .
a woman is getting ready to take a treat .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a man in a green shirt is getting ready to go down a hill .
a snowboarder is sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is on a bench .
a teenage boy in a blue shirt is playing with a woman in a white shirt .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a snowboarder wearing a green shirt is jumping in midair .
a snowboarder is doing a trick in the snow .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down a road .
a child is walking down a road .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy prepares to kick a soccer ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is running down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of men performing in a parade .
people playing soccer .
a group of children are playing outside .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a basketball player takes a shot shot .
a man in a yellow shirt is carrying a video camera .
a football player is working at a football game .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a camera .
a man is climbing a tree .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a construction worker wearing orange cones .
a man walking in the street .
a man is sitting in the shade in the shade .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people in front of a wall .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a soccer player in red and white is running towards the soccer ball .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people walking down the street .
two men wearing hats are standing in front of a building .
two older men walk down the sidewalk .
a group of men walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a worker in a hard hat is standing outside of a building .
a man and a woman are watching a woman in a garage .
a group of people are playing video games .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a pool .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a group of people are standing in a field .
two people are watching a robot fight .
a group of people carrying a large gun .
a group of people watching a performance .
a man in a blue sweater is sitting on a chair .
students competing in martial arts .
a group of men are playing soccer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person in a brown coat is walking down the street .
a group of protesters are gathered outside a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a banner .
a crowd of people standing in the middle of the middle of a road .
a group of people are cheering .
a man in a black shirt is standing on the street .
a man shaving his face .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is looking at a mirror .
people eating in a restaurant .
two women eating food .
a woman in a pink top walks through the bushes .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is using a laptop .
a brown dog laying on a sheet of fabric .
a black and white dog lies on a dog bed .
a brown haired dog lays on a bed .
a brown dog lays on a sheet of fabric .
a black and white dog is standing in the grass .
a black and white dog is laying down in the grass .
the brown dog is laying on the grass .
a brown dog is laying down on a blue street .
a man in a blue coat pushing a cart .
a man in a coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a man pushing a cart down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is pushing a yellow bag down a sidewalk .
a busy city street with people walking by .
a man in a green shirt is cooking on a hot day .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench with a laptop in the background .
a man is walking through the streets .
a person is riding a bike down the street .
a man is sitting at a table with an umbrella .
a child is playing with a pinata .
a girl rides a bicycle on a sunny day .
a woman is taking a picture .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a biker wearing an orange helmet is riding a bike .
a girl rides her bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a rugby player with the ball in the background .
a young boy in a blue shirt is looking at a toy .
a woman is taking a picture .
a rugby player holding a ball .
a group of people are singing .
a group of people are singing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are singing .
a group of people in a field with trees in the background .
a group of people are walking in the woods .
a group of people in the woods .
a group of people are holding a book .
two men are reading books .
a group of people at a fair .
a group of people are holding books .
a group of people are reading books .
a woman poses for the camera .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a woman in a blue shirt takes pictures in front of two women .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of men playing soccer .
a man is giving a speech .
a busy city street .
a man talks to a group of people .
a group of children ride bikes .
a young boy and girl ride bikes .
a little boy and girl are riding on a sidewalk with training wheels .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two children are riding bikes .
two children ride their bikes .
two people riding bicycles with training wheels .
a boy and a girl are riding on bicycles .
two children are riding bikes on the street .
a boy and a girl are riding their bikes .
a boy and a girl are riding bikes .
two people are riding bikes .
a boy wearing a helmet rides a bike .
two people are riding bikes .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a boy rides a bike down the sidewalk .
a woman opening christmas presents .
a young boy is picking up a tree .
three dogs are playing in the snow .
an elderly woman sitting in a chair .
a lady is opening presents on her head .
a boy is holding a hose .
a woman opening christmas presents .
three women are posing for a picture .
a dog plays with a toy toy .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs on a sandy beach .
a group of people are shopping in a market .
an artist is drawing a picture .
a young boy in a blue shirt is doing a handstand .
a man is making a funny face .
an artist is making art .
an artist is performing a handstand on the ground .
a man playing a guitar on a bench .
a man and a woman on the beach .
a group of people walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing on her head .
a man is listening to music .
a young girl is drawing a picture of a young boy .
a man with a large knife is climbing a tree .
a group of children are sitting around a table .
two women are walking by an event .
a group of children standing outside in front of a home .
a man climbing a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a tree with a large tree in the background .
a man in a turban climbs a tree .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is climbing up a tree trunk .
three women are walking down the street .
a man climbing a tree on a hot day .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man climbing a tree .
a man is climbing a tree .
a man in a turban climbs a large tree in a wooded area .
a woman running after a tennis ball .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a lady in a blue shirt is walking down a brick road .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a girl is walking down the street .
a group of children are riding in a truck .
children holding a flag .
a man in a coat is holding a net .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
two children in a firetruck .
a little girl on a playground .
a crowd of people in a park .
a large crowd of people are having fun .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a young girl is standing outside of a building .
a girl on a playground swing .
a building with a building in the background .
a man is crossing a river in the desert .
people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a church in a church .
a man in a blue jumpsuit is standing in the street .
a group of people protesting a protest .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a dog and a bull in the snow .
a black and white dog is running .
a brown and white dog is running through a fence .
a man in a blue shirt is plowing the street .
a dog is running through the snow .
three people are standing on a stage .
a group of people are performing in a concert .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a guy in a white t shirt is grilling hotdogs at a grill .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a grill .
a man in a green shirt is cooking in the snow .
a man grilling hotdogs on a grill .
a man is cooking food .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is preparing food .
a man is grilling hotdogs with a blue cup .
a man holding a sign .
two men in white hard hats and orange safety vests are attempting to get out of an airplane .
people are planting a tree .
a group of people talking on a street corner .
a small asian girl holds a teddy bear .
a car is driving down the street .
a girl is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people in a store .
a grocery store is shopping .
people shopping at a market .
people are sitting at a counter in front of a deli counter .
a group of women wearing red and white skirts .
a man is playing the bagpipes while another man watches .
a girl in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
the back of the red car is coming out of the water .
two women are working on a computer .
a group of women in blue shirts are standing next to each other .
children jumping in a pool .
a race car drives on a track .
two women in front of a television .
two people are watching a monitor in a city street .
two people are looking at a screen .
a little boy is riding a wagon .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
two people are running in a race .
a man in a white shirt is working on a roof .
a man with a bandanna on his head is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a dog jumps through a hoop .
two boys pose for a picture on a bench .
a man and a woman are praying .
a woman wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a dog is running through the snow .
two boys rest on a bench .
a boy with a fishing pole is standing at a lake with a fishing pole .
a young boy is holding a shovel .
a dog jumps through a hoop .
a young boy holding a small shovel .
a small child holding a small green shovel .
a little boy is holding a shovel .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding something .
a small child is looking at something in the distance .
a boy in blue stands in a field .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a drink .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a blue car .
a girl holding a beer .
a woman is standing in front of a crowd looking at something .
two women are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a man working on a fire .
a group of people giving a lecture .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man is swimming in the water .
a group of people are reading books .
a baseball player playing baseball .
two females jumping into the water .
a baseball player in a red jersey is attempting to hit the ball .
two people are jumping in water .
a boy in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are holding hands .
children eating at a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two girls are sitting at a table .
three girls eating a meal .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a boy in a tan hat is playing on the ground .
a woman looking at a sculpture in a park .
a scuba diver underwater underwater .
a woman swims with a sea turtle .
a woman is swimming in water .
a woman in swimming trunks is swimming in a pool .
a woman is swimming underwater underwater .
a woman is underwater underwater underwater .
a scuba diver underwater .
a scuba diver is getting ready to swim .
a person is underwater underwater .
a scuba diver is getting ready to swim .
a scuba diver in the ocean .
a swimmer swims underwater in the water .
a person swimming in the water .
a scuba diver in the water .
a scuba diver underwater underwater .
a scuba diver in the water .
three men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing in line .
a person in a rain jacket is walking in the rain .
a man is cooking on a fire .
a man is pouring something into a pot .
a man is putting something into a container .
a man in a white shirt is cooking a pot .
a man in a white shirt is pouring something into a container .
a man running in a race .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs playing with water .
two dogs play in the water .
a man is pouring something into a pot .
two men are digging in the air .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
two girls are playing in a swimming pool .
a group of people at a shop .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
people shopping at a market .
two girls are walking down the street .
a busy street with many people in the background .
two children are playing in a pool .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a towel is in a sauna .
two men talking to a policeman .
children holding a sign .
a policeman talks to a group of people .
children smiling and smiling .
two children are standing together .
two children are smiling and holding up signs .
two children smiling .
two children hold up signs .
three men talking to each other .
two people are standing near a wall .
a little girl is eating food .
two men and a woman are reading a book .
a group of swimmers are swimming in the ocean .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man reading a book .
a man is performing a trick on a skateboard .
a crowd watches a concert .
a person with shoes is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt plays a musical instrument .
two guys are sitting at a park bench .
three people are walking down the street .
two boys are riding a skateboard .
three men sit on a curb .
a group of people sitting outside on a sunny day .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
two white dogs play with a toy in the snow .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman in a black jacket is walking down the street .
a young girl laughing .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
a girl with her mouth open looking away from the camera .
two adults and a baby are walking together .
a woman and a child are standing in front of a man holding a baby .
three people are walking down a street .
a woman looking at something .
a woman and a child are standing in front of a man .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is getting her picture taken .
a man slides down a base .
a boy jumping in the air .
a man slides down a slide .
two men playing baseball .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a baseball cap making a funny face at a baseball game .
a group of people are standing against a fence .
three women leaning against a metal fence .
three women are leaning against a fence .
three brown haired women lean against a fence and examining something .
three women walking down the street .
three women stand around a parking meter .
two women are standing in front of a building .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
three women standing near the parking lot .
a group of women are walking in the parking lot .
three women are standing outside of a building .
construction workers are working at work .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is drilling a hole .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman look at a building .
two people sitting next to a white building .
a toddler in a white ones is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of swimmers are swimming .
a bird swims in the water .
a bird is flying through the water .
a swan jumps towards the water .
a bird flies through the air .
a bird flies into the water .
a bike rider rides on the beach .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man sitting on a stool on a stool .
two men talking to each other .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting in front of a billboard .
a man is looking at the camera .
a man sitting on a stool reading a newspaper .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a stack of watermelons .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a building .
a man sitting on a stool on a stool .
three men and a woman are sitting at a table .
a dog walks in a creek .
a group of people riding bikes .
a boy in a coat stands near water .
a boy in a blue shirt is carrying a bag .
a woman in a black dress is sitting on a bench .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
two men are standing near train tracks .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in a field .
a group of people are parasailing on a sunny day .
people surfing on a wave .
a group of people at the beach .
two surfers are surfing on the water .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are playing in the grass .
a group of girls in a field .
a man in a white shirt is holding a drink .
a man stands on a platform in front of a large crane .
a dog jumps over a fence .
three people are in front of a white wall .
a crane flying into the water .
a crane in a construction site .
a man is standing in front of a sewing machine .
a man in a white hat is holding a white hat .
a man and a woman are playing in the water .
a cowboy is riding a bucking horse .
a hot air balloon flies into the air .
a black boy in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a black boy in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a group of people working on a hot air balloon .
a group of teenagers are sitting on a bench .
a black dog plays with a rope toy .
a group of people are outside of a building .
a little girl is holding a small stick at a table .
a dog is running through a field .
a black and white dog plays with a ball .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a dog is putting something up to a toddler .
a group of men are sitting on the bank of a lake .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two people are walking down the street .
a child with a soccer ball in the background .
a little girl with brown hair is standing on her face .
a boy throwing a ball .
a group of people are eating food .
two children smile at the camera .
a man and a woman competing in a sports match .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two children smile at the camera .
a biker is fixing his bike .
a group of people are fighting .
two men competing in martial arts .
a group of people watching a match .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a boxer in a blue shirt is having a boxing match .
a group of cyclists wait at a crosswalk .
two men are riding bikes on a track .
three people biking down the street .
three people on bicycles .
two people are crossing the street with one another .
a bicyclist rides behind two bikes .
two people are sitting in front of a red brick building .
two boys are playing in the snow .
bikers cross a busy street .
two women are knitting and knitting .
two women working on a project .
a group of women are sitting in a room .
two women are knitting .
an ice skater skating in the air .
a woman in a pink dress is walking on the sidewalk with an umbrella .
a woman is holding an umbrella .
a woman is holding a blue umbrella .
a person is walking down the street .
two football players , one wearing a blue jersey and the other in blue and the other in red , are competing in a football game .
a group of people gathered around a fire .
a group of five workers in wheelchairs are playing in hay .
two men are playing tug of war .
people are playing tug of war .
a dog is looking at a ball .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a black and white dog is looking at something .
a dog is looking at something .
a small white dog is watching a tennis ball in the air .
a small black and white dog is jumping for a ball in the air .
people racing down a street .
a brown dog and a bird in the water .
four football players on the ground .
two cowboys are riding horses .
a group of girls wearing pink and blue uniforms .
two bald men are swimming in the water .
a woman is looking at a dolphin .
a woman in a blue shirt is watching a dolphin .
a young girl in a blue tank top points into a telescope .
a woman is leaning against a large aquarium .
a group of people watching a video game .
a woman looking at something .
a young girl is riding a bicycle .
a child is taking a swing at a fair .
a child in an orange shirt is jumping in the air .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of firemen are watching a firetruck .
a man is working on a project .
fireman working at work .
two firemen are working on a project .
a cowboy tries to lasso a bull .
a fire truck in a field .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are working on a train .
two firefighters are paddling on the water .
two women are shoveling snow .
a group of people at an outdoor market .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two people are standing on a small hillside .
a surgeon performing surgery .
a man wearing a hat and a hat is holding a sign .
a cowboy riding a bucking bull .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a lake .
a group of firefighters are shoveling dirt .
a person is standing on the end of a pier .
two men are walking down the street .
two men in orange suits are standing in front of a building .
a man is working on a track in the snow .
men shoveling snow on a train track .
two men work in the snow .
men working on railroad tracks in a parking lot .
two men are working on railroad tracks .
two men on a railroad railroad tracks .
two men are working on a project .
two railroad workers are working on railroad tracks .
two men work in the snow .
two men are shoveling snow .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are shoveling snow .
two men are shoveling snow .
a skateboarder grinds a ramp .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard .
a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on the side of the street .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a child is holding a tray of food in his mouth .
a man in a black jacket is walking down the street .
a young boy chasing a pigeon .
a child in a green shirt is playing with a toy .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child and an adult are holding hands .
a little boy and a woman walk hand in hand .
a young boy walks down the street .
a child is eating dirt .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man sits on a boat in the sun .
a group of people playing music .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a boy is chasing a bird .
a child jumps into the air .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a dog runs towards a yellow ball .
a young man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a microphone .
a bicycle rider in midair .
a man in a blue shirt playing the saxophone .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a boy jumping in the air .
a group of people in an office setting .
two women working in an office .
two military men in military uniforms are working on a project .
a man in a military uniform talks to a man in a military uniform .
two soldiers are looking at something on a table .
a man is holding a camera .
people looking over a ledge .
a dog runs through the snow .
two women and a man sit on a ledge .
crowd at an outdoor event .
a child on a playground .
a group of people waiting for a moment to go down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is playing soccer .
a boy is walking down the sidewalk .
a small boy in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
a boy with a soccer ball is playing soccer .
a boy walks down the street .
a dog is running through the snow .
a man in a suit stands in front of a podium .
a man in a black shirt plays a guitar .
a man is sitting on a statue of a statue .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a plaza .
a man standing in a plaza .
a person in a plaza is looking at a map .
a man in a white shirt is playing in a plaza .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are posing for a picture .
a person is standing in front of a statue .
a man in a white shirt is watching a man in a white shirt .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man and a child ride a tree .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a young man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a child is playing with a christmas tree .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing with a baseball .
a boy in pajamas is playing with toys .
a little boy in front of a tree .
a child is standing in the street .
a child wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man and woman drinking out of water .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a band is performing on a stage .
a soccer player in a red jersey is running .
teenagers are having fun and having fun .
a man sits in front of a blue wall .
a person sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man taking a nap on a bench .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people watching an event .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a window .
a boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a group of people in a sports match .
a man is standing next to a bus .
a little girl in a blue shirt is standing in the branches of a tree .
a group of people are standing near water .
a person is riding a bike .
a man and a woman are fishing .
a woman plays with a child .
a lady is reading a book outside .
girls in pajamas dancing .
children looking out of a window .
a black and white dog drinking water .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a person running on a sunny day .
a marathon runner running in the snow .
a crowd of people walking along a street .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a person is swimming in the water .
a skateboarder in the air .
two children eating apples .
a skateboarder slides down a ramp .
a dog prepares to jump into the air .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two dogs play in the snow .
a skier is skiing down the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two young women are hugging each other .
two dogs look at each other .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people at a party .
a baby is blowing bubbles .
a baby is looking at a cat .
a baby is petting a cat .
a baby is playing with a cat .
a baby is pulling a cat .
a hockey player in a white jersey is attempting to block the puck .
two hockey players prepare for the puck .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a man and a woman sing on stage .
a man and a woman are performing on stage .
a man and a woman are playing the guitar .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a man sitting in front of a blue door .
a man is sitting in front of a blue door .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing with a hula hoop .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of children are standing on a stage in front of a football game .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two men are standing outside of a building .
two men are standing next to each other .
several people are riding bicycles down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people biking on a path .
a group of people riding bikes .
three people are riding bikes down the street .
a white dog is chasing a frisbee .
a group of people on bikes .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a runner in a blue shirt slides into home plate .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man laughing at the camera .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down a sidewalk .
two friends playing a board game .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt and a woman with a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt and a woman with a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt and a woman with a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt and a woman with a blue shirt .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a skier is jumping over a cliff .
people are walking on a dirt road .
a man and a woman are at the beach .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
men competing in a race .
a group of men are walking down the street .
three men are running on a track .
three runners are jumping in the air on a track .
three men jump over hurdles .
two men are competing in a race .
a man walking past two people .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a snowboarder doing a jump in midair .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man in a backpack walks next to a little boy wearing a backpack .
a man walks down the street .
a man is talking to a young boy .
a man is talking to a child on the side of the street .
a man talks to a young boy .
a man and a boy walk down the street .
two guys are sitting on a bench .
a young woman and a man are painting a picture .
a group of people playing music .
a boy is walking down the street .
a conductor in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a train .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
three people are playing basketball at a basketball court .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man dressed in traditional native clothing is dressed in traditional garb .
a man in a plaid shirt is sitting on a sofa with a pen .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a middle aged man in a white robe is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt looking down .
a middle eastern man wearing a robe is standing in the middle of a street .
a man in a robe looks to his left .
a dog runs on a rocky beach .
a woman is standing in front of a food stand .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is selling food .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a golden retriever runs on the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs on grass .
a woman dressed in all black is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is getting ready to eat .
a woman with her face painted painted .
two teams are playing hockey .
a woman in an orange jacket is walking on an obstacle .
a team of volleyball players getting ready for the ball .
a woman with a tattoo on her head .
a group of people are working together .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog stands in the ocean .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
three men are playing soccer in front of a soccer net .
three elderly people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a young asian boy is sitting on a stool in front of a sign .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are running in a race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of runners watch a marathon .
a group of runners are competing in a marathon .
people running by the camera .
two men are working on a roof .
construction workers working on a road .
workers laying down on cement steps .
a group of construction workers repairing railroad tracks .
two construction workers are working on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is picking up a flag .
a man is working on a project .
a small boy runs to catch a ball .
a man in a white shirt is playing the accordion .
a woman in black dances in front of a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is making money .
a football player prepares to catch the ball .
a woman in a bathing suit is standing in the water .
two young boys playing basketball at a basketball court .
a woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a hoodie is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue bathing suit is standing in the water .
a woman in a maroon hoodie and a woman in a maroon hoodie are sitting on a bench .
a woman is swimming in the water .
a woman is sitting on a boat in the water .
a group of people are walking through a park .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of children in blue shirts and blue jeans are looking at a group of children .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a child is fishing from the side of the road .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
two women are standing next to a body of water .
two girls are standing near the water .
a young girl is taking a picture .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a boy is reading a book .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a young man wearing sunglasses and a t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a baseball player in a white shirt and blue shorts is playing baseball .
a man is playing baseball .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a basketball .
a baseball player tries to catch a baseball .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a young man in a blue shirt is shooting a gun .
a man is getting ready to take a shot .
a man with a gun in his hand .
a man holding a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is firing a gun .
a man in a blue shirt is firing a gun .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is firing a whistle .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a microscope .
two men are standing next to a microscope .
a man in a white shirt is using a microscope .
two men , one in a lab coat and one in a lab coat , are looking at a microscope .
a man looking through a microscope .
a man in an army uniform looking through a microscope .
soldiers are playing in the street .
people looking through a microscope .
a soldier is standing behind a man in a blue shirt .
a man is sitting in front of a fountain .
a man is resting in a chair .
a man in a blue sweater rests his head on his head .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a boy is riding a boat .
a woman is jogging down a street .
a person is running down the street .
a woman is running in a race .
a female athlete running down the street .
a child wearing a green shirt and blue jeans is standing in a field .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a scooter .
a woman is riding a bicycle down the street .
a man in a white dress is standing in front of a building .
a person in a blue helmet is walking through a city .
a woman is riding a scooter .
a woman is riding a scooter .
a woman in a dress is riding down a road .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an old man is reading a machine .
a person sitting in a chair .
a child is playing in the snow .
two girls looking at a camera .
people sitting on a bench .
soccer players are playing soccer .
a person is looking at a monument .
a girl is taking a picture .
two children taking a picture of something in the distance .
two children are posing for a picture .
a group of kids posing for a picture .
children sitting at desks at desks .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting down on the sidewalk .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a butcher is standing in front of a store .
four people sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is walking past a market .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a motocross rider in the air .
a man falling off his bike .
a man in a red shirt is riding a car .
a little girl is riding a bicycle .
a female with her head in her head .
a child in a green shirt is attempting to balance her balance .
a woman sleeping in a car .
a group of people are listening to music .
a woman is walking out of a shopping center .
a woman is holding a shopping bag .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
construction workers working on the road .
an old man standing outside of an adult shop .
a child is holding a camera .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a boy are playing in the yard .
a man working on a project .
two men are digging in the desert .
two men , one wearing a hat and the other wearing a hat and the other wearing a hat , are using tools to dig a hole .
two people are digging a hole in a hole .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a store .
a woman is standing in a park .
a woman is walking on grass .
a group of people in the grass .
a group of people are watching a boy in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is standing in the water .
a girl hitting a ball .
a group of people are playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a crowd of people in a city .
a man in a purple shirt is riding a horse .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are standing in a hallway .
students are preparing a meal .
a little girl in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
students working in a kitchen .
three young adults cooking a meal .
a group of people are preparing food at a kitchen counter .
a person standing in front of a bus .
people buying food .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a boy with a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a blue ball .
a man is standing in front of a camera .
kids swimming in a lake .
a man is playing his guitar on the street .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a teenager is holding a guitar .
people are swimming in the water .
two children are playing in the snow .
a man and a woman ride a bicycle .
two men are sitting on a boat .
a group of people riding bikes .
a person is hanging on a rock .
a woman in a bikini is posing for a photo .
a man in a green shirt is riding a bike in the woods .
a boy and girl are walking down the street .
people swimming in a pool .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at a toy .
a group of people are playing instruments .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in blue , are playing soccer .
a group of people on a bicycle .
two hockey players playing hockey .
a woman cooking a meal in a kitchen .
a woman is cooking a meal .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
an older woman in a white shirt is holding an umbrella .
a woman is cooking vegetables .
a woman is cooking food .
an indian woman is cooking .
an indian woman is sitting on a bench .
an indian woman in a white shirt and black pants is sitting at a table with an umbrella .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman cooking in a kitchen .
a woman in a white shirt is cooking in the kitchen .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a child jumps into a pool .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a person is jumping in the air .
a woman looking at pictures .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at flowers .
a boy in shorts is jumping in the air .
a band is playing for a crowd .
a group of men in military uniforms are holding guns .
soldiers are performing on stage .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children are walking down the street .
children walking in a crowd .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
a group of children walking together .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is working on a roof .
a worker in a hard hat is standing outside of a building .
a worker with a beard is standing in front of a sign .
a man is fixing a telephone beam .
a fireman is walking under a pole .
a firefighter walks down the street .
a fireman in a white uniform is standing next to a firetruck .
a fireman is standing in front of a firetruck .
a man balances on a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is skiing down the side of a man 's head .
a person is parasailing on the beach .
a person in a blue life vest is paddling a boat .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is speaking into a microphone while holding a microphone .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a guy rides his skateboard down the street .
a young african american child does a flip in the air .
a man is doing tricks on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick in the park .
a man practicing martial arts .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a man is cutting food in a kitchen .
a man surfing a wave .
two brown dogs play in the grass .
a group of women are performing on stage .
a surfer is surfing on a surfboard .
two women are holding hands .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is standing next to a tree overlooking a tree .
a woman is standing under a tree .
a lady is checking her cellphone under a tree .
a man in a red shirt and red pants is swimming .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two children swimming in a pool .
a boy in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a couple looking at a board .
a young man and a woman walk down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman and a man are playing a board game .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people riding bikes .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a man is running towards a woman in a white shirt .
a woman is cleaning the table of a table .
two men are standing in front of a large metal wall .
construction workers are working on a project .
construction workers at night at night .
a man in a white shirt is welding a pipe at night .
construction workers working with fire .
construction workers working at night .
workers working at night at night .
two men are working on railroad tracks .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people are swimming in the ocean .
a group of people are standing by the ocean .
five people are walking down the street .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing in the middle of a firetruck .
a young man is climbing a tree .
two men working on a laptop .
a man with a microphone is working with a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is working on a piece of paper .
a man is giving a speech .
there are trees in the background .
a group of people are walking near a building .
a man is standing next to a tree .
a group of people are standing on the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are eating .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
the ponies are kissing .
the ponies are playing in the grass .
the ponies are kissing .
a man and a woman are kissing each other .
a man and a woman are working on a project .
two medical professionals are working on a project .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is working on the ground .
two medical professionals sitting on the floor .
two medical professionals are working together .
a group of people are sitting on the ground .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a man in a red and red shirt is holding a red ball in the wind .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a woman is working on a project .
a man is painting a picture of a building .
a man is painting a picture of a building .
a man is painting a picture of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a crowd of people sit in chairs in chairs .
two people are standing in front of a sign .
two men , one in a green shirt and one in a green shirt , are walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a red dress are walking past a city .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around watching a game .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a crowd of people in front of an audience .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs away from the camera .
two children playing on a slide .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two children in an innertube .
a group of people at a buffet .
two dogs running on a track .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt prepares food .
a worker is preparing food in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are playing together .
people at a restaurant .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a candle .
a man in a blue shirt is holding onto the ground .
a family getting ready for dinner .
a person in a blue shirt is doing a cartwheel .
a group of people are working together .
a man in swimming trunks is swinging on a rope swing .
a small restaurant is filled with food .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a man is swinging on a rope swing .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man and a woman are in a building .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting in a grassy area .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman and a man sit in front of a microphone .
a man is cutting wood while another man watches .
a man is cutting wood with a saw .
two men are cutting wood .
a woman in a white shirt is weaving another woman 's hair .
a woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman with blond hair is sitting in a chair .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
two firefighters trying to get their truck .
construction workers carrying wood .
two firemen are standing in front of a firetruck .
two men are walking behind a firetruck .
a person running in a race .
two men standing in front of a truck .
a woman jogging through the road in a race .
a man is painting a picture of a man .
a couple walking down the street .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a yellow haired boy and a little girl are walking past a computer .
a woman in a white shirt is climbing a tree .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
two asian people are shopping .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt walks down the street .
a man is writing on a rock wall .
a woman walking down the street with a purse .
a woman in a blue shirt is jumping in midair .
a woman poses for a picture in a park .
a little girl in a pink shirt is jumping in the air .
a small group of people are sitting on the ground .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a man working on a computer .
a man with glasses is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a man taking a drink from a glass .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man is holding glasses in his hand .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a machine .
a man is looking at his hand .
a man looking at something in a workshop .
an older man is taking off his glasses .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man pushing a cart down the street .
six asian women pose for a picture .
a man is dancing on a stage .
a baseball player in a red uniform is standing on a mound of football .
two guys walking in the rain .
a woman smiles at a photographer .
two girls look on at a birthday party .
a small girl blowing out of candles .
a group of people are blowing bubbles .
a young child is celebrating a birthday cake .
a girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a raft in the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman raking leaves .
a woman is digging a lawn in front of a building .
a lady in a white shirt is playing in the yard .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a girl and a dog play in the snow .
a group of people walking down a street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her eyes closed .
a woman sitting on a bench with a dog .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her dog .
a woman with brown hair and a brown dog is standing next to a dog .
a woman drinking coffee with a dog .
a large group of people sitting around a table .
three men are walking down the street .
a man sitting on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is picking up trash into a garbage bag .
a group of native women are holding hands .
a child with a beard and face paint on his face .
a woman is fixing a piece of wood .
a man in a blue shirt is drilling a hole .
a woman in a red shirt talking to a woman in a red shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is crying .
a boy is using a vacuum cleaner .
a boy is vacuuming the floor .
two girls are playing volleyball .
a man shooting a gun .
a dirt biker does a trick in the dirt .
a man serving food .
a motorcycle racer is racing on a motorcycle .
a man with glasses and a beard is standing next to a man with glasses .
a lady is holding a tray of food .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
a band performs .
a marching band is marching .
a band plays in a band .
a school band is performing on a field at night .
a marching band with a marching band in the background .
a group of people are standing near a christmas tree .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
people are walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a city .
people walking down a city street .
a busy city street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a bus .
a group of people walking down the street .
a bus is parked next to a bus .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man posing for a picture .
a man in a red shirt and blue shorts is running down the street .
fishermen fishing on a boat .
a deer is running through the grass .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people are fencing .
a child is standing next to a small child .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man and a woman pose for a dance .
a man is dancing with a shirtless child .
a man and a woman are dancing .
three girls are sitting on a park bench .
a group of people are knitting .
a group of people are laughing .
a man and a young girl are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sewing .
a man in a white shirt is knitting .
a group of people are standing in the woods .
three women dressed in costumes are dancing .
an african american man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman in black is walking through a crowd .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people in the street .
a man in a blue shirt is running on a track .
a group of kids playing soccer on the beach .
a group of people are sitting at computers .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt rides on the water .
people playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
people playing soccer .
a pitcher is throwing a baseball bat .
a football player in a red jersey is getting ready to hit the ball .
a football player in a red jersey is running a football game .
a pitcher gets ready to throw the ball .
a child in a swimming pool .
a baseball pitcher gets ready to throw the ball .
a girl in a black swimsuit sitting on a chair .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a female athlete gets ready to hit the ball .
a man is speaking to a large crowd of people .
a group of people wearing masks .
a group of people are walking on the street .
pedestrians walk down the street .
a group of people are walking in the streets .
people are holding signs and signs .
a crowd of people protesting .
three girls are playing on the beach .
a brown dog is running through tall grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is carrying something in its mouth .
a man looking through a telescope .
a man is helping a child look through a telescope .
a man holding a child looking through a telescope .
a man is looking at a telescope .
a man and a child are watching something in a telescope .
a dog with its mouth open .
a father and son enjoying the day .
a person looking through a telescope .
a person in a white shirt is playing a frisbee .
a man is playing with a ball .
a man is playing a frisbee .
a person in a yellow shirt is attempting to catch a frisbee .
a person in a yellow shirt is jumping into the air to catch a frisbee .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a baseball player jumps for the ball .
a baseball player leaps to catch a frisbee .
a man is trying to catch a frisbee .
a man looking at a box .
a group of people at a restaurant .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people are eating at a restaurant .
people eating at a restaurant .
a group of people sitting at tables at tables .
a man is riding a bicycle past a metro station .
a young woman wearing a blue coat and brown skirt is waiting for a walk into a building .
a young lady in a white shirt is walking through a park .
a woman is riding her bike down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a woman getting ready to walk into a building .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a guy sitting at a table and drinks .
two men are playing guitars .
a group of people dancing .
two women playing beach volleyball .
a child playing tennis .
a man and a woman on a beach .
a man in a black shirt is juggling balls in the middle of a crowd .
four girls playing volleyball .
a young boy walks down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays in the grass .
a man is sitting in a chair reading a newspaper .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a window .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two men are playing drums on a stage .
men playing drums in the street .
a band is playing music .
two dogs jump for a ball .
a brown and white dog with a toy in its mouth .
two dogs chasing a ball .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a group of hikers walking down a path .
two firefighters are walking together .
a group of people are playing frisbee .
people standing on the sidewalk .
two men standing outside of a building .
two firefighters walk down the street .
two firemen walk down the street .
a group of people crossing the street .
three people standing near a road .
pedestrians walk past several buildings .
people walk through a public area .
a group of people walking through the city .
pedestrians walk down the street .
two people are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young girl is looking at a woman .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a young girl with a rope in the background .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is sitting on a stool at a table .
a man and a woman sitting on chairs .
a man talks on a cellphone .
an old man is working on a farm .
an old man is digging a hole in the dirt on a sunny day .
a man is preparing for a garden .
a man is getting ready for the day .
a bearded man in a plaid shirt is using his garden .
an old man is working on a farm .
an old man in an orange vest is picking up trash .
an old bearded bearded man in an orange shirt is conducting the soil .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table at a grocery store .
two men are standing in front of a truck .
two men are standing next to each other .
a group of people are standing in front of a green truck and a man standing in front of him .
a dog walks on the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a small white dog runs on the grass .
a white dog running in the snow .
a dog is running through the grass .
a man holding up a glass .
two people are hugging each other at a train station .
a group of people in a field .
a surfer is approaching a wave .
a young man does a trick on a sunny day .
a person is jumping in the air .
a person flies through the air .
a person is doing a jump in the air .
a person is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a person is jumping in the air .
a man standing outside of a building .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person standing outside of a building .
a man is laying in a pile of wood .
a man with a stick in his mouth .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two men wrestling in a wrestling match .
three people in the snow .
a man is standing in a barber shop .
an asian man is blowing bubbles .
a performer performs a trick in front of a crowd .
a man drinking beer .
a man drinking beer while drinking beer .
a young man is having a beer .
a group of protesters hold a banner .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people doing tricks on a street .
a group of people competing in a race .
four people skating down a street .
a group of skateboarders in the road .
four people racing on skateboards .
a man working with food .
dirt bike rider in dirt .
a person is sitting on a stool in front of a store .
a man in a red shirt is skiing down a mountain .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock .
a person is climbing up a rock face .
a person is climbing a rock .
a person going down a large cliff .
a person rock climbing .
a climber is rock climbing .
a climber is silhouetted against a rock .
a person climbing a rope on a rock face .
a rock climber hangs onto ropes .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a woman in a red dress stands in front of a crowd .
a person is jumping up on a cliff .
a child jumps over a fence .
children raising their hands in class .
a man is standing in a market .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a market .
a man is standing at a market selling vegetables .
a man is looking at a market .
a man in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white t shirt and jean shorts is doing a flip in the air .
a man is standing in a street selling food .
a boy jumping in the air .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are hanging from a building .
a man smiles as he smiles .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
people sitting on a sidewalk .
a man standing behind a bar .
a woman with a straw hat is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a bathing suit is standing in the water .
a girl pulls a boat in the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a soccer team is having a meeting .
a person is pulling a raft into the water .
a man skis down a snowy mountain .
a man and a woman are playing in the grass .
two women are working together .
a person in a blue outfit is walking down the street .
a family is camping in a park .
a family is having a good time .
three men cooking in a kitchen .
a construction worker welding .
a person is welding a pipe .
a man is working on a project .
a man is welding a pipe .
a group of men are working on computers .
a group of men playing basketball .
four men are sitting on a bench .
two children are playing monopoly .
a lady is holding a little boy .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a boat in the water .
a man in scrubs is using a large fishing net .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a boat passes by a boat .
a group of people wearing colorful costumes .
a group of women gather around a table .
a person walking across the street .
a baby is crying .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a woman in a black shirt is walking across the street .
a woman crossing a street .
a woman crossing a busy street .
a woman in a black jacket is standing on the street holding a bag .
a person carrying a bag walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a boy does a trick on a skateboard .
a young boy is riding a skateboard .
a man is taking a break on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a group of people are gathered in front of a large crowd .
a man is jumping on the side of the road .
a blond woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are standing in a crowded area .
a woman is eating food .
a person sitting on a bench at night .
a lady is walking down the street .
a woman walking with a cane .
two girls are playing in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
two girls jump into the air .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a girl is running into the ocean .
a girl is playing volleyball in the ocean .
a girl is jumping in the air by the ocean .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a young girl is reaching for the sky .
a little girl is standing on the beach at the beach .
a little girl is sitting on the beach .
a little girl in a pink shirt is smiling at the camera .
a girl is jumping on the shore .
a black and white dog plays with a toy .
a person on a beach .
a dog is looking at something .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a boat .
people in front of a store .
a dog runs through a puddle of water .
a dog plays in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men standing next to a car .
a group of people are picking up horses .
three football players on the field .
a basketball player is looking up .
two girls are walking down the street .
two boys are riding a skateboard .
two people are looking up .
two women are hugging each other .
a man with a smile is listening to a pinata .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a woman is kissing a woman with a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a map .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a man in a blue shirt is working on the grass .
a group of people are standing in a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is shopping for the camera .
a man is fishing .
a man sitting on a chair on a chair .
a man in a canoe in a canoe .
two guys are sitting in a bakery .
a man making bread .
a man is resting his head on his forehead .
two men are sitting at a table .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two men are hanging out of a building .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a baker is sleeping .
two men are working at a bakery .
two people are working at a bakery .
a man in a blue shirt is sleeping on a computer .
two hikers sit on a bench .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting at a table .
a woman in a white shirt is trying to pick up a tree .
an elderly woman smoking a cigarette .
a woman in a white shirt is smoking a cigarette .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
an elderly lady smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two men are sitting on a bench .
three men are sitting in the shade .
three men , one wearing a black uniform and one in a black uniform , are standing in a field .
three men are sitting on a bench .
two men , one in a striped striped shirt and the other in a striped striped shirt , are talking to each other .
a group of people having a conversation .
a young boy in a blue shirt talking to an older man .
a man in a blue shirt is teaching a young boy in a blue shirt .
a woman reaches for food .
a parade in a parade .
a boy blowing bubbles .
a child in a plaid shirt is sitting on a couch .
a boy playing with bubbles in a field .
a child in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
a group of men playing instruments .
a band plays in a band .
soldiers are playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments .
five men are sitting on a bench .
a person in a white hat and a white shirt holding a flashlight .
a young girl in a pink dress is hula hooping .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a soldier is waving his arms at the rodeo .
a woman is picking up trash .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a person is preparing food .
a man is fixing something .
a fire burning fire .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing a hotdog .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
a little boy and a girl are laughing .
two dogs play in the snow .
a person is holding a tray of food .
a group of people performing on stage .
two men playing instruments .
a woman working with children .
a woman with blond hair is sitting in front of two children .
a man in a hawaiian shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a camera .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
a boy reading a book .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
a boy reading a book .
a boy reading a book .
a child is sitting in a blue seat reading a book while reading a book .
a woman is using a wire bridge .
an artist working on a balcony .
a woman is painting on a balcony .
a woman wearing sandals is walking down the street .
a woman on a balcony painting a picture .
a woman is painting on an easel .
a woman is walking across a bridge .
a woman crossing a bridge .
a climber on a ladder .
two people talking to each other .
two guys having a conversation .
two men sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman sit at a table .
two people are eating a meal .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black dog runs through the field .
two dogs running in a field .
three large dogs play in the grass .
three dogs play in the snow .
a baby is using a broom to clean the floor .
a man is bowling .
a person on a swing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a mother and two children are walking down the street .
a woman is lying down in a bowling alley .
two children are swinging on a swing .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a woman riding a scooter .
a black and white dog is playing with a stuffed ball .
a woman is standing on the road .
a girl in a dress is doing a trick on a skateboard .
two dogs play in the water .
a smiling child smiling .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue pants is standing in the sand .
a couple kissing .
a child in a blue shirt is holding something .
a child is smiling .
a man in an orange shirt gives a speech .
a dog leaps to catch a ball .
cyclist riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
a person rides a bicycle down a red ramp .
a group of people are sitting on stairs .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a group of people sitting at tables .
a woman with a tattoo on her leg is holding her hands .
a child on a swing .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child on a ride is looking at the camera .
a woman sitting in a train car .
a baby is crying at the camera .
a woman holding a baby .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
a little boy in a blue shirt is playing soccer .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a red shirt is playing soccer .
a band plays in front of a band .
a man in a blue shirt with a blue shirt on .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man wearing a backpack is hiking .
a hiker is walking down the street .
a hiker is looking at the ocean .
a hiker is hiking through the woods .
a man is playing with a ball .
a female tennis player playing tennis .
a band is playing music on a stage .
a dog is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people are walking down a city street .
a woman and a dog in a city square .
a woman is walking her dog .
a group of young women are walking down the street .
two women standing next to a red car .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
two people standing in front of a bus .
two women pose next to a red car .
two children are playing volleyball on the beach .
a football player in a red jersey is about to tackle the football .
a bird in the water .
a football player on a football field .
a large bird is being held by a large bird .
a football player in a red uniform stands next to a football player .
a swan swims in the water .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a man in a military uniform is standing on a boat .
ladies talking to each other .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man in a white t shirt is juggling fire .
a man is chasing a soccer ball .
a woman is looking at fruit from a woman .
a person dressed up in clown makeup is showing a gun .
an elderly woman is walking down the sidewalk .
an old man in a hat and wheelchair is standing in front of a store .
a man looking at shoes .
a person wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man is giving a calf .
a man in a clown nose is crying .
a man in a red shirt with a red shirt on .
a man in a clown costume with a clown in his face .
a man dressed in a clown costume .
a woman with blond hair and a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a woman in a black shirt is holding a football .
a man in a black shirt is standing behind a black woman .
a man playing a trumpet .
a man is singing on stage .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with his legs .
a woman in a leather jacket and a bearded man in a leather jacket are walking .
a couple is walking down a street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a young girl holding a clock .
a woman sitting in a chair surrounded by people .
a man is fixing a piece of wood .
a man is standing on a street corner .
a group of people are walking down a city street .
people shopping in an asian market .
a man in a hard hat is doing repairs .
a group of people are sorting through vegetables .
three people are sorting through produce .
two men are standing in front of a truck .
two people standing in a truck .
two young men and a woman are looking at vegetables .
a group of people are selling produce .
two hikers in dark clothing are walking down the street .
two hikers are resting on a bench .
a man and a woman hiking in the woods .
two hikers rest on a snowy mountain .
two hikers on a snowy mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are standing on a cliff .
a man in a red jacket is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are standing together .
two people on a snowy cliff .
a man and a woman standing at the edge of a cliff .
people standing around a truck .
a little girl splashing in water .
a man in a yellow hard hat is working on a train .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a woman and three children are picking up trash from a dumpster .
a family is digging in the trash .
four people are looking through garbage cans .
a family is digging through a garbage bin .
a mother and three children at the edge of the street .
four people are walking down the street .
kids hang around a barrel .
three children are playing with a barrel .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man playing tennis .
a brown dog is sitting on the grass .
a woman is surfing a wave .
a woman in a wetsuit is holding a kite in the water .
a brown dog is jumping on a hill .
a woman is doing a back flip in a pool .
a dog is running on a hill .
a dog is running through the snow .
a large white dog is sitting on the grass .
a large brown dog is biting a small brown dog .
a large tan dog is sitting on the grass .
a dog is sitting on a hill .
a lady with a purse is holding a purse .
a woman with a large bag walks down the sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is walking through a store .
a woman is walking in front of a large mural .
a lady with a large headscarf walks in a hallway .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a building .
a woman walks through a hallway .
a woman is walking down the street .
a girl playing tennis .
a woman in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
two children , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is running through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are playing with each other .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is writing something .
a man is sitting at a desk writing .
a man is writing with a pen .
a man is writing something .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people performing ballet .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food for customers .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a chef is preparing food in front of a grill .
a man in a black apron is standing next to a grill .
a man in an apron is standing by a food stand .
a man poses for a picture .
two children are playing in the sand .
a person in a green shirt is walking through the woods .
a person jumping in the woods .
a man in a green shirt is walking in the woods .
a person is playing in the woods .
a person jumping in the woods .
a woman is standing next to a path .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing an instrument .
a man playing the accordion .
a little girl is drawing a baby .
a little girl is drawing in front of a baby .
two small children playing with a toy truck .
two men in yellow jackets are standing outside of a building .
a young girl in a white shirt is coloring with crayons .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
boys playing with train tracks .
a group of young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing soccer .
a little boy wearing blue pants and a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
two little boys are playing together .
two men in front of candles .
three people are standing next to each other .
three people are walking down the street .
two men are doing martial arts on the street .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a fire is being held by a fire .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are
a man and a woman are fighting .
two men wearing glasses are standing at night .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are working on a rooftop .
two men wearing glasses are standing in front of a bush .
two men , one wearing glasses and one wearing glasses , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people standing in the sand .
a man lights a candle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at an event .
a man is working on fire .
two dogs run on a field .
a child in a blue helmet is trying to fix a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
two people are looking at a bicycle .
four men are working at a lab .
a father teaching his son how to fix him .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of families are opening presents .
two boys playing a video game .
two men playing a video game in public .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
two men are playing soccer .
two motorcyclists racing on a track .
people are playing in the water .
people competing in a race .
an older man in a race race .
people swimming in a pool .
two men are walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a boy wearing goggles and goggles is jumping in the air .
a student is working on a project on a project .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is holding his hands .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man is performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black tank top sings into a microphone .
a man sings on stage .
a singer is playing the violin .
a man in a white shirt sings on stage .
the drummer is playing the violin .
two workers stand in front of a produce stand .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a man in a gray shirt plays the drums .
a dog in the water .
the brown dog is running through the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog is climbing out of a lake .
a group of tourists prepare for the day .
a man and a woman play music .
a child in a striped shirt is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a boat in a river .
a child is playing with cloth .
two men pose for a picture .
a boy swings on a swing .
three men are working in an art gallery .
a child on a swing .
two men in a dimly lit room .
three men are standing in a room .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in black , are standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman look at the left .
three people are standing in a room .
a man is shopping at a market .
a group of people are standing around a table .
people are walking in a market .
people shopping in a grocery store .
a man is shopping for produce .
a man in a white shirt is using a projector .
a man in a blue shirt is praying .
a man is kissing a man in a white shirt .
two men are holding each other .
a man in a black shirt is hula hooping .
a man is jumping in the air .
people walk down the sidewalk .
two women sitting on a couch looking at a baby .
two women are having a conversation .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are looking over a baby .
two women are looking at a piece of paper .
a woman is pushing her two children in a stroller .
a woman in a white shirt is throwing a baby out of a woman .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman in a blue shirt .
an elderly lady looking at produce .
a girl in a pink and white striped shirt is walking in the window .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman shopping for produce .
a person looking at something .
a person in a blue jacket is riding a bike .
a man and a woman are playing jena .
a girl is getting ready to swim .
a young girl plays in water .
a girl plays in the sprinkler .
a little girl is playing in the snow .
a child playing in a fountain .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
a man in an orange shirt is doing a handstand in the sand .
a man is playing in the sand .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a boy is doing a handstand on a pile of sand .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a boy doing a flip off a sand dune .
a kid doing a back flip on a trampoline .
a boy does a back flip in the air .
a girl is playing in a fountain .
two dogs walk in the water .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a black and white dog chews in the grass .
a group of men are playing musical instruments .
a brown and white bull is in the background .
a small brown and white dog is standing in the grass .
a dog chasing a large cow .
a dog runs on the grass .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a crowd watches an event .
a black and white dog is in the water .
a dog jumps in the air .
a black and white dog is trying to catch a stick .
a person walks down the street .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
two men playing soccer .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
two people are facing each other .
a man and a woman in a gym .
a man and a woman are working together .
a man and a woman practicing karate .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men in a gym .
two athletes are playing hockey .
a woman is sitting in front of flowers .
a person is looking at plants .
a woman in a white shirt is picking flowers .
a woman in a tan jacket is walking down the street .
a young girl is crying .
a group of children are having a good time .
two men are working on a roof .
young boys making funny faces .
kids posing for a picture .
children posing for a picture .
a man in a white hat cleaning the water .
a baby is being held by a man .
a group of people having a conversation .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a group of men walking in the rain .
a man and a woman are dancing together .
a young boy is dancing in front of a group of people .
a child and a child dancing at a party .
a man in a blue shirt is dancing with a man in a blue shirt .
a man teaching a young boy how to dance .
a man is teaching a young boy to dance .
a young boy wearing flip flops is jumping in the air .
people walking down a street .
people walking through the rain .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down the street on a cloudy day .
a group of people walking on a street .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a brown dog and a white dog are playing in the snow .
a dog is drinking a beer .
a person in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a worker in a hard hat is driving a construction site .
two construction workers are working in a building .
a man working on a bulldozer .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
construction workers doing construction work .
a child swings a baseball bat .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a blue shirt is listening to a man .
a man in an apron is cooking .
a group of men are making a toast .
a group of men and women standing outside in the grass .
six people are playing instruments .
six young women playing instruments .
a man and a woman are playing violins in front of a crowd of people .
a group of six people dressed in white dresses are standing in a circle .
an american flag with a flag in the background .
a busy city street with lights .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man stands in front of an american flag .
a group of people on a train .
a man poses with his dog .
two men are fixing a car .
a dog and a man on a hill .
the basketball players are playing with the ball .
a group of people performing yoga .
a person wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a group of women are standing on a concrete wall .
a group of people are walking down a city street .
a lady sleeps on a bench .
a man is lying on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person making a face face .
a woman leans over her plate .
a group of people are watching a baseball game .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman is eating food .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting at tables .
a woman is eating at a restaurant .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a biker wearing a helmet is riding a bicycle .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person dressed in black is riding a bike .
a bmx biker jumps off a dirt hill .
a man and a woman are standing near water .
children playing on a beach .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a little girl is playing with a young boy .
two young girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on the ground .
a boy is running in the water .
a young boy is running in a race .
two children are playing in the snow .
a group of children in the water .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a boy is playing with a group of toys .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a child playing on the floor .
a child is playing with a child in pajamas .
a man sings on stage .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a singer in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a dog walks down the stairs .
a boy is holding a metal gun .
two men working on a project .
a young boy in a tie is sitting in a chair .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
two people working on lawn equipment .
two guys working on equipment .
a woman in a white shirt is trying to make a picture of a little girl .
two women hugging in front of a flag .
two men are standing on scaffolding .
a group of men standing next to each other .
a woman holding a girl 's hand .
three men are having fun and having fun .
the girl is serving the ball .
a woman is holding a ball in her hand .
a child playing in the snow .
a child stands in the snow .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man poses for a picture .
a child poses in the snow .
a person is preparing to hit a volleyball .
a person is holding a ball over her head .
a boy is getting ready to go down a hill .
two men working on equipment .
a man and a woman dressed in traditional clothing .
a worker in a hard hat is using a hammer .
a group of children are standing in a body of water .
a young boy is getting ready to swim .
a man is standing next to a boat .
a group of children are playing in a fountain .
a young child is diving into a pool .
a barefoot boy playing a guitar .
a man is cutting wood .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a happy couple smiling at the camera .
a group of people at a bus stop .
a couple looking at the camera .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man talking to two women .
a man in a white shirt is waiting to cross the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant .
people are sitting under umbrellas .
a group of people are sitting under green umbrellas while another man looks on .
a man is sitting in a restaurant .
a man with a white shirt and black pants looks on at a table .
a man in a white shirt is holding a white shirt .
a man walking towards an outdoor cafe .
an elderly couple is reading a map at a park .
an older couple is trying to get a map .
a man is walking by an outdoor market .
a man in a blue jacket is doing a trick on a skateboard .
two young boys are running in a field .
a group of men in coats look at a building .
boys running on grass .
two boys running on the grass .
two women are sitting on a bench near water .
two women are digging in the sand at a beach .
two women are walking on the beach .
two women are digging on the beach .
two women walking down the street .
two women are sitting in a ditch with a couple in the background .
a man and a woman are doing martial arts .
a group of people working in the sand .
two men are fixing a firetruck .
two men are working on a car .
two men are working on a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on the engine of a truck .
a man is looking at a car .
a security officer in a red shirt is operating a car .
a man looking at a car .
a car driver is looking at a car .
a man is looking at a car .
two men working on a car .
two men working on a car .
two men are working on a car .
two men working on a car .
a group of people are working together .
two men looking at an old car .
a car is fixing a car .
a man is using a large bowl .
a young girl in a red dress is standing in the street .
a man shooting a gun .
a woman in a pirate costume poses for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is working on a stage .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
there is a train in the background .
a group of people are sitting on a bus .
a group of passengers on a train .
a group of people are riding bicycles .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two women share an umbrella .
a group of african american people are walking down the street .
two women on a busy street .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of african american people are walking down a street .
two people are writing in books .
a man and woman are giving books .
people are writing in books .
a man is signing a book .
people are signing books .
a man getting ready to throw a toy gun .
a man and a woman are reading books .
a woman sitting on a bench .
three people are talking to each other .
a group of people are having a conversation .
a motorcyclist does a trick in midair .
two men are sitting on a couch .
a girl in a dress is carrying two white bags .
a man is talking to a woman .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women playing on the beach .
a woman is playing volleyball .
women playing volleyball .
a girl in a red shirt is throwing a soccer ball .
a volleyball player runs towards the london 2012 olympics .
a man is riding a bucking bronco at a rodeo .
a group of people are holding signs .
a group of ballet dancers practicing on a stage .
a girl doing a trick on a trampoline .
two girls dance in a dance class .
a cyclist performs a trick on a ramp .
construction workers are standing outside of a building .
a woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans is getting wet water .
a group of people are waiting for a meal .
a child in a blue shirt is playing with a little boy .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at his arm .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming in a pool .
a man in a yellow shirt is crossing the street .
two boys playing basketball .
three men are selling fruit on the side of a street with one another .
a woman walks down the street .
a man is walking by a wall .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
two people are standing near a road .
a boy eating a treat .
a group of people are standing on a bridge .
a man in a suit walks down the street .
two men working on a project .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a group of people are standing next to a car .
people standing on the side of a vehicle .
a group of people standing next to a truck .
a crowd of people are gathered outside in front of a red car .
a group of people are walking down the street .
four boys are playing music .
a man in a white shirt stands on a staircase .
a bald man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is fixing a piece of equipment .
a man in a black suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a crowd of people are walking down a street .
a family enjoying christmas trees .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a blue shirt is leaving the water .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is sitting in a marketplace looking at a large piece of paper .
a small black dog is leaping in the air .
a white dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs running in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
two wrestlers competing in a wrestling match .
a dog runs through the snow .
a bulldozer on a street .
a group of people are holding a stuffed animal .
a little girl is holding a stuffed animal .
a little girl with a mohawk is carrying a little girl 's hand .
a man is holding a little girl .
two men are carrying a little girl in a pink dress .
a man and a woman are riding a bus .
a man lights a cigarette .
a man digging a hole in the sand .
a boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person standing with pigeons .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
there are pigeons on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of pigeons .
a little girl is standing in front of birds .
a girl is sitting on a park bench .
a woman is looking at the ocean .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a young woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is stretching on the ground .
two teams competing in a game .
a young child rides a skateboard .
three men playing hockey on ice rink .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two people are sitting in a vehicle .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a rocky trail .
two women in front of trees .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting in a boat .
a man is taking a picture of a dog .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk in front of stores .
a child is kneeling on the floor .
a boy is holding his hands up in the air .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy is smiling at the camera .
a child is kneeling down on a bed .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
three dogs playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is jumping after a ball .
three dogs chasing a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of young men perform on stage .
people looking at a street vendor .
people shopping at a market .
a person in a red jacket is walking down the street .
a man is standing on the end of a diving board .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a rock climber is rock climbing .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a stone building .
two hikers are laying down on the ground .
two men are working on a project .
a man poses for a picture .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing in a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people stand in front of a bar .
three people sit at a table at a table .
people working in a kitchen .
a man rides his bike past a crowd of people .
a mother and son watch a fish .
a child holding a child .
people looking at fish at an aquarium .
a woman and child looking at fish .
a man and a woman are watching a fish .
two men are fighting .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a man is painting painting a wall on a wall .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman rides a bicycle .
a woman is riding a bicycle down the street .
a woman is riding a bike towards the camera .
a woman is riding her bike .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a group of children are playing outside .
a driver in a red car on a bridge .
a person is crossing the street .
a man is sitting in a red car .
a young boy is riding a tricycle .
a person on a motorcycle smiles .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is lifting a large bundle of war .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
two guys are smiling .
a person in a blue shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man playing an instrument .
a lady is buying yarn .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is talking to a woman in a dress .
a woman selling yarn .
a woman buying something from a store .
a woman is buying yarn from another woman .
two women walking down the street .
a woman buying produce from another woman .
a woman buying yarn from another woman .
two women having a conversation .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are playing a game .
a band is performing on stage .
a man in a red shirt is playing the guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing the drums .
an old man and woman are playing musical instruments .
a man playing the drums while another man plays the drums .
two men are playing music .
a man is playing a guitar .
a city street with a camera .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a group of men playing drums .
a drummer looks to his left .
a young girl is jumping off the ground .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
two men are walking down the street .
a man selling vegetables on a street corner .
a man wearing a hat is standing at a food stand .
an older woman is using a broom to plant a plant .
a lady is walking down the street .
a young man in a colorful jacket is standing in a crowd .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
a man stands in a doorway .
a man giving a thumbs up sign .
a man in a white shirt is holding his hand .
an old man in a white cap and a white t shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is giving a thumbs up .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is pulling a cart on a cart .
a man wearing glasses and a mask is doing a handstand under a sign .
a worker wearing protective gear is working on a construction site .
a child looking through a telescope .
a man in blue jeans stands next to a cart .
a man in a plaid shirt holding a cart .
a man is cleaning the windows of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people in the air .
a team of people are standing on a platform .
a team is celebrating a win .
a team of soccer players dressed in white celebrating a game .
two people are swimming in the water .
a native american is playing a drum .
a man playing the drums and singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is holding onto a fishing pole .
a man with a chainsaw in his hands .
a person in a white shirt is cleaning the snow .
a man in a classroom is sitting in a classroom .
a man with a chainsaw and a chainsaw .
a man in a red shirt holding a red hose .
a firefighter holding a hose .
a firefighter in an orange vest is operating a fire .
a fireman is holding a red fire hose .
a young boy in a blue shirt is holding a tray of milk .
a young girl in a field in a field .
people walking through the desert .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
an old man is cooking hotdogs .
an old man is preparing food .
a man grilling hotdogs on a grill .
an old man in an orange shirt is cooking some food .
four people are walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in a black t shirt and blue jeans is cooking a hotdog at a picnic table .
two men fishing .
an old man is grilling hotdogs on a grill .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting by a pile of hay .
three women standing around a table .
an elderly woman waits on the sidewalk .
a woman with a hat is holding a sign .
a woman in heels and a skirt is holding a cellphone .
a little girl is showing something .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a person in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a person is standing on a sidewalk in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against another man .
a woman in a blue outfit is standing in a crowd .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people are singing .
three people are swimming in water .
two people are swimming in the water .
a group of people standing in a muddy lake .
people are holding books .
a group of people are singing .
a group of people in a church .
an older lady is pushing a stroller .
a woman is walking down the street .
an older woman walks with a cane .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
a lady in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs run through the snow .
a group of people are camping in a park .
a man sits alone on a bench .
two dogs play in the sand .
two dogs play in a field .
a black and white dog is biting a gray and white dog on a leash .
a person is riding a horse .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the street .
a person is riding a horse .
two dogs play in the grass .
three dogs racing on a track .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a young boy playing soccer .
three women are sitting on a bench .
two women are drinking beer .
a soccer player in a red jersey is kicking a soccer ball .
a group of cyclists ride around in front of a bus .
three women are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two people are walking across a field .
a little boy is playing in the snow .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
men walking up a road .
a man walking up a road .
a woman is holding an object in the sun .
a person is jumping in the air .
a group of men walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of men walk down the street .
a group of men walk down the street .
four men are walking down the street .
students participate in a classroom .
a man selling fruit .
a group of people are standing outside of a restaurant .
a man in a black shirt is selling food .
a man selling vegetables .
a man is eating produce .
a fruit market in a market .
a man buying produce at a market .
a man is sitting at a fruit stand .
a man stands next to fruit .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing outside of a restaurant .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a family plays with toys .
a man selling fruit on the side of a city street .
a woman in a purple shirt is playing with a sword .
a woman in a brown shirt plays with a young boy in a brown shirt .
a boy playing with a stuffed animal .
a lady talking to a child with a puppet .
two scuba divers prepare for a dive .
a man in a blue shirt feeding a child on a bicycle .
a nurse eating a snack .
a person feeding a turtle .
a young boy is crying underwater .
a scuba diver is eating .
a group of people sitting by a body of water .
a soccer player in a red shirt is holding a soccer ball .
six men , one in a green shirt and the other in a green shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting outside on a sunny day .
five men are standing near a body of water .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
a group of men are talking on a cellphone .
several men are sitting by a river .
a group of men talking in front of a river .
two men are watching boats on a river .
a group of men are sitting by a river .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting in a boat .
two adults are talking on cellphones .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two girls are practicing martial arts .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a mother plays with her child .
a mother plays with a toddler .
an adult in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a construction worker is cleaning the street .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a man is putting his head in the air .
a man is riding a skateboard down the street .
two people are riding skateboards .
a skateboarder in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman standing next to a building .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are jumping in the air while another man watches .
two soccer players , one wearing a red jersey and the other in a white jersey , are playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer players competing in a soccer match .
two basketball players , one wearing a white jersey and the other in a white jersey and the other in a white uniform , are playing soccer .
two soccer players trying to score the ball .
people playing soccer .
two men are playing soccer .
two men are playing soccer .
two men are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking around a table .
people walking down the street .
a busy city street with a city in the background .
a city view of a city landscape .
people are sitting outside on a city street .
a view of a city street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a market market with lots of people .
people shopping for sale .
people shopping at a market .
people standing outside of a green awning .
a group of people are sitting at a flea market .
people shopping in a market .
a group of people are shopping .
a group of people are walking through a marketplace .
a man in a red shirt is looking at merchandise in a market .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is waiting for a train .
a dog runs through the snow .
a person in a coat stands on a road .
a dog is sitting in the snow .
a brown and brown dog runs through the snow .
a person laying on the ground .
two men are riding horses .
a baby is holding a cake .
a man laying down on a bench .
a person doing a trick on stage .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a snowboarder in the air .
a group of people are watching a snowboarder .
a snowboarder in front of a crowd .
a woman wearing a red hat is directing traffic .
a woman holding a sign .
a woman in a white shirt is crossing the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person in a hard hat is riding a bike .
a black and white dog is walking through the grass .
a group of people are sitting in a bathroom .
people having a conversation .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
two girls are standing outside of a building .
a woman jumping in water .
two women boxing .
an accordion player stands by a telephone pole .
a man in a red shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
an accordion player wearing a scarf and a scarf .
a man in a heavy jacket is playing a guitar .
an accordion player dressed in black is standing outside .
a man is looking at his money .
a man looking at money .
a man is looking at money .
a man looking at money .
a man is playing a guitar .
a person jumping into the water .
a man selling food .
a person is trying to sell food at a cart .
a man selling food on a cart .
a man in a blue shirt is selling items .
a man is trying to sell food .
a brown horse has its head around its head .
a horse is chasing a horse .
a horse in the snow .
a horse is sleeping on a horse .
a horse in the air .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a sink in a sink .
a woman rolling dishes on a clothesline .
a young man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a large hut .
a woman washing dishes in a sink .
this is a picture of this picture is taken in this picture .
a man is getting ready to throw a javelin .
this person is getting ready to throw a javelin .
a man is getting ready to hit the ball .
a picture of a woman in a white shirt and black pants is holding a torch .
a man in a red shirt is sitting in a chair .
a priest is standing in front of a church .
a red mane with a red mane in the background .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a door .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are in the air .
a fan in the air .
a fan is walking on the street .
a fan in the air .
a young boy is doing martial arts .
a young boy throwing a soccer ball .
a young boy throwing a soccer ball .
a young boy with a ball in his mouth .
a young boy throwing a soccer ball .
a baseball player in a baseball cap is attempting to catch a baseball .
a group of people at a shooting range .
a batter in a baseball cap is preparing to hit a baseball .
a baseball player prepares to catch a baseball .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people are snowboarding .
a man in a white shirt is kicking up a red snow ball .
a snowboarder is jumping into the air on a snowboard .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a snowboarder in the air .
the airplane is taken .
a view of the airplane .
the airplane is flying .
the view of the airplane .
the airplane is taken .
a group of young people are performing on a stage .
a group of men and women are getting ready to perform .
a group of people are performing on stage .
people walking across a stage .
a young boy in an orange shirt is preparing for a speech .
a group of people are performing on stage .
two women , one in a black shirt and the other in a black shirt , are posing for a picture .
a woman is brushing her hair with her hair .
a woman getting her hair done .
a woman in a blue top is brushing a piece of fabric .
a woman is brushing her hair .
a group of families at a party .
a man in a green shirt is hugging a child in a green shirt .
a young man is sitting in a restaurant .
two people are hugging each other .
two men are having a conversation .
a girl is playing in a pile of leaves .
two people are talking on stairs .
asian men having a conversation .
a man in a red shirt sings into a microphone .
a woman and a man smile at each other .
two women fighting in a ring .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a runner is getting ready to race .
men walking in formation .
a group of people riding bicycles .
a bicyclist is riding a bike .
a man in a red shirt is running a race .
a biker takes a race .
a pilot stands on a plane .
a person standing by some steps .
a pilot stands in an airport .
a person picking up luggage on a plane .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of girls dancing .
a woman wearing a necklace and a necklace .
two women are dancing .
a man and a woman hug each other .
a couple posing for a picture .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man rock climbing .
a man wearing red shorts and a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man dressed in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a man rock climbing .
a person climbing a wall .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
a man rock climbing .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a group of people are walking in the streets .
a young boy is climbing up a rock .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a woman is standing in front of a fountain .
there are trees in the background .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a man and an asian man are laughing .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a man is walking in a river .
a performer in a red shirt is praying .
a man is singing on stage .
a woman doing a handstand on a stage .
a woman doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a female gymnast performs on stage .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man and a woman are doing a dance routine .
a man poses for a picture .
several people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people performing a dance routine .
a group of dancers dancing and dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
people dancing in the subway .
a woman is waiting for a picture .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a band plays music .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
two children are playing in the snow .
two children are playing in the snow .
a man playing a guitar .
bikers riding in a city .
a group of motorcyclists are riding down a road .
a group of motorcycles are driving down a road .
a child in a blue shirt is listening to a football game .
a child is holding a toy .
a young asian girl sits in a room with a toy .
a woman holding a stuffed animal .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in front of a temple .
a man playing a trumpet .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a truck drives down the highway .
two construction workers are pulling down a road .
a truck is pulling two donkeys .
a man in a hard hat is shoveling snow .
a man is working on a project .
a large truck in the middle of a truck .
a child in a white shirt is standing in front of a room full of vegetables .
a boy playing with balls .
a boy playing with balls .
a boy is playing in a room .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a young boy in a blue shirt is getting ready to throw a box .
a child is playing with a toy pit .
a child playing with a ball in a field .
a man is riding a bike .
a person is riding a mountain bike .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a group of women are waiting to buy ice cream .
people are waiting at an old ice cream truck .
a young boy is playing a guitar .
a group of people buying ice cream .
a man in a blue shirt is holding something .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a flag .
a man is holding a red and purple flag .
a man in a white shirt is holding a flag .
a person is climbing up a rock .
a rock climber is climbing a rock face .
a rock climber is rock climbing .
a climber wearing a helmet is riding a rock .
a climber is climbing up a mountain .
a person in front of a crowd .
a dog jumps over a small body of water .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs on the beach .
a man is working on a machine .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in an apron is working in a kitchen .
a man is working on a machine in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt paddles a boat .
a child in a blue shirt is praying in the grass .
a cat looking at an airplane .
two men are sitting on a bench looking at something .
a small child is looking at the sky .
a group of people gather in front of a building .
a child looking out the door of a door .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a group of people in a parade .
a child is taking a nap .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a sidewalk .
a child in jeans and black shirt is sleeping under a blanket .
a child is sleeping under a blanket .
a child sleeps with a blanket .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a child sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
a child sleeps on a blanket .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog jumps in the air .
the dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
two girls standing under an umbrella .
two women are holding umbrellas .
a plane in front of a monument .
a man and a woman are getting married .
a woman is sitting on a subway car .
a couple is kissing in the water .
a couple standing outside of a building .
a man and a woman are walking in the park .
a couple is standing in front of a body of water .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people in a meeting .
three people are swimming in a pool .
a dog walks down the street .
a young woman is performing ballet .
a man in a black shirt dancing .
a woman poses in a room with a red floor .
a person is holding a camera .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a group of people .
a person is taking a picture of a woman .
a photographer is getting ready to take a picture .
a man is holding a camera .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk with one another .
a man is looking at a laptop screen .
a person is holding a camera .
a group of people are standing around a man in a blue shirt .
a street corner is parked on the street .
a man in a bright yellow outfit is walking in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is underwater .
a man in a costume is standing on a street .
three people are standing on the front of a building .
a person in a pink robe rides a bike downhill .
a man in a red shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a person is riding a motorbike .
a woman is riding a motorbike .
a man rides a motorcycle .
a woman is blowing bubbles in the wind .
a man is working on a wooden fence .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a man holding a tray of food .
two men in a sports field .
a woman in a blue shirt sitting on a bench .
two women dressed in formal attire are talking .
construction workers at a bakery .
a woman in a blue shirt is watching two children .
two employees are cutting dough in a kitchen .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt and one in a black shirt , are making
a park swing in a park .
a painter is painting a picture .
several people are sitting on the edge of a staircase .
a artist is painting a picture on the sidewalk .
four people are swinging on a swing .
a man is painting a picture .
two teams playing basketball .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of men playing basketball .
a boy in a cap plays the drums .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing the basketball .
a man playing tennis .
people looking at plants .
a woman in a white shirt is making a pot .
a woman is holding a drink .
two people ride in a vehicle .
a man and a woman are riding a tractor .
a man driving a tractor .
a man in a blue shirt is fixing a boat .
two women carry baskets up up a hill .
a man in a white shirt is working on a patient .
an asian woman is sitting on a bench .
a band plays on stage .
a man holding a baby .
a man on a rock climbing .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man standing in front of a grill .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man is cooking on a hill .
a man is using a large metal grill .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is running through the snow .
two men are working on their laptops .
a small dog runs through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is bowling .
a man in jeans and a white t shirt is bowling .
a swimmer is bowling in a bowling alley .
two ladies looking down .
a man is bowling .
a cowboy is looking at a dog .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting at a school table .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing for something .
a woman working on a project .
a woman is working on a project .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a cat bites a cat .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
an orange cat with an orange mane .
a blond child is petting a blond child .
a cat is biting a cat .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a man throwing something into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt and blue shorts is kicking a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt throwing a javelin .
a man is throwing a frisbee .
a man wearing glasses and a woman wearing glasses .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a man running in a parade .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man is running down the street .
a group of people are running down the road .
a man is riding a train .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a conductor stands next to a train .
a man in overalls holds onto ropes .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a policeman is working on a fire .
a police officer is standing in front of a crowd of people .
police officer standing in front of police officer .
a group of people standing in the street .
a group of people are standing on the street .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a group of children are dressed up in costumes .
a group of children are pointing at something .
a group of children hold hands .
a group of children are watching a group of children .
two children smiling .
a group of people in a mall .
men are gathered around playing instruments .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of people are getting ready for a parade .
an old man in a yellow shirt and green pants is standing next to a yellow wall .
a group of people are kayaking in a boat .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are working on a project .
two men building a set of stairs .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
two men working together .
two people kayaking in the water .
a group of men are working together .
two men kayaking in the water .
a dog chases another dog on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is spraying bricks .
a man is being carried by a man in a blue shirt .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a yellow balloon .
a group of dogs running in a field .
a young boy is playing with a pink balloon .
a woman is cleaning the window of a window .
a man is hanging by a rope .
children playing in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is watching two children .
a group of people in the yard .
two children playing in a backyard .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people pose for a picture .
two boys playing in the water .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a group of people are in the street .
a person crossing a street with traffic .
a boy plays with a christmas tree .
a woman walks down the street .
a young girl looking at something .
a group of cyclists in a race .
a woman in a white shirt is crossing the side of a building .
a red brick wall with graffiti on it .
a group of six men are looking at something .
two men are looking at something .
two men are looking at something .
six men in the sun .
a view of the sun .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
a girl laughing .
a smiling child is smiling .
two women are performing on stage .
a man with a mask on his face .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to fix a car .
a group of people are being pulled by a truck .
a doctor in a white uniform is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
firefighters are working together .
two girls are looking through a microphone .
a person laying on a swing .
a girl in a red shirt is holding a red ball .
a girl is laying on a swing .
a person wearing a black top and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a girl laying on a swing .
a car parked in front of a car .
the driver is driving his car .
a group of dancers dancing in front of a store .
two men are jumping in the air .
a red race car is parked on a dirt track .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
a woman is balancing on her arm .
a woman in a white shirt is playing roller derby .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a black man is sweeping the street .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm is holding a tattoo .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a group of people talking to each other .
a child in the snow .
a dog is playing with a toy toy .
two children are playing in the sand .
two young women are eating food .
a man is walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is eating lunch .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
a group of children are in a field .
a group of people are gathered in a classroom .
children at school school .
two children working on a project .
four small children swimming in a pool .
a child looks at the water .
a small child is getting ready to swim .
a child is standing on the beach at the beach .
a small child is playing on the beach .
a child in a blue swimsuit leans over a beach .
a small child in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
a child swims in the water .
four boys are swimming in a pool .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
four boys are holding onto a concrete ledge .
children playing with a wall .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are watching a performance .
a person is laying on a park bench .
a woman in a black shirt is performing a dance .
two people are having a conversation .
a woman is sitting on her head on her head .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to a girl in a white shirt .
a woman in a white shirt stands in an alley .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a jacket is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are wearing sunglasses .
a skateboarder in an empty pool .
a group of people walking down the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a skateboarder in a skate park .
a skater in a red shirt is doing a trick in a puddle .
a man is riding a skateboard down the sidewalk .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
three girls in baseball uniforms attempt to throw a baseball .
a woman taking a picture .
a woman is using a video camera .
a man is smoking a cigarette outside .
a group of children in a room .
two girls are playing baseball .
three girls are playing baseball .
three girls in baseball uniforms attempt to throw a baseball .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a rail .
a person wearing rollerblades does a trick on a rail .
a boy runs through a parking lot .
a white truck parked in front of a white truck .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a wave .
a surfer rides a wave in the water .
a surfer surfing in the ocean .
two people walk down the street .
a clown is walking down a sidewalk with a little girl .
a girl in a pink coat is walking next to a man .
a clown and a little girl walk down the sidewalk .
a man dressed in a clown costume poses for a picture .
a man is surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer in red and black is riding a wave .
a surfer rides a wave in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a woman is speaking in front of a crowd .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people in a room .
a group of women standing in a crowd .
two women are standing in a room .
two women , one with a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are holding a bottle of wine .
a woman speaks to a group of people .
cars racing down a street .
people shopping for produce at a market .
a woman in a red dress is walking down a street .
a red car parked in the street .
a car parked in the street .
a little girl is walking on the street .
a man is reading a book .
the giraffe is in the desert .
a woman is looking at the water .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a photographer takes a picture of a man in a white shirt .
a man playing the accordion .
a group of men are standing in a field .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman in a yellow hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a person in a blue shirt is putting their hand out of the water .
a woman wearing glasses is holding an umbrella .
two men are posing for a picture .
a man is speaking into a kitchen counter .
a man in a black shirt is performing a trick on a skateboard .
a person dressed in a white shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
three men are walking down the street .
police are walking across a street .
a police officer and a police officer in a parade .
a group of people are walking down the street .
police officers are crossing the street .
two men are walking down the sidewalk .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
men in suits walk down the street .
a chinese child smiles .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a forest .
two men stand at a podium .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a girl is holding a drink .
a group of people shaking hands .
a man in a black shirt is shaking hands .
a man in a white shirt is holding an electric guitar .
a dog leaps over a large brown dog .
two people are walking down the street .
people walking in a field .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman are walking in a field .
a man and a woman walk across a field .
two women pose for a picture .
a boy is running in a field .
two women wearing black dresses and black dresses .
an african woman in a white shirt and black pants is walking .
two men are working on a project .
two black women , one black and one black .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two african american women wearing formal attire .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are walking down a street .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a boy in a blue shirt runs down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his hands .
a boy skating in a park .
a group of women are carrying flowers on their heads .
a man in a blue shirt selling fruit on the street .
a man selling food .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is handing out a car .
a man taking a picture of a man .
a group of four children are sitting in front of a restaurant .
four children are sitting on stools on stools .
a group of african american children sitting on stools .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of children sitting at a bar .
a man is riding a bike .
two baseball players , one wearing a blue jersey and the other in blue , are standing next to each other .
two people shaking hands in the sun .
a man is doing a trick on a basketball court .
a group of people shaking hands .
a group of people shaking hands .
four people talking outside of a wine bar .
a man is laughing and laughing .
a man with glasses and glasses is laughing .
two girls are playing with a hula hoop .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to a group of people .
a person is doing a jump on a dirt bike .
a motorcycle racer is racing through the dirt .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a motocross rider on a dirt hill .
a man is playing a guitar .
an old man playing the accordion .
a man playing the accordion on a sidewalk .
an old man playing the accordion .
an elderly man is playing a flute .
a man is playing the accordion on the ground .
a man playing the accordion .
a man is sitting and playing the violin .
children playing in the street .
a man in a blue shirt is jogging on a track .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
a clown performing a juggling show .
a man in a black shirt is performing on stage .
a man in a black shirt is juggling juggling balls .
a man in a plaid shirt juggling two balls .
people standing by a body of water .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman is playing a musical instrument .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking through a river .
a man is swimming in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a small group of people hiking along a river .
a group of people walk by a lake .
a man in black is playing a guitar and sings into a microphone .
a group of people playing soccer .
an elderly lady is sitting in a village .
two older women talking to each other .
two basketball players fighting for the ball .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing baseball .
a man is cleaning the street .
a group of people hiking through a forest .
a group of people are skiing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a lady is walking down the street .
a group of hikers are walking through snow .
a woman is sitting on a couch holding a cat .
a boy playing with a toy toy .
a group of people are shopping for a bus .
a black and white dog lays next to a tennis ball .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog catching a soccer ball .
people walking down a street .
a person selling food on the side of the road .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two men looking at merchandise .
a group of people in front of a building .
a group of women dressed in robes .
two men looking away from the camera .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is reading a book .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are fighting .
construction workers are inspecting a tennis ball .
men working on a project .
a group of men are working outside a building .
two women jogging down the street .
five people are sitting in a circle on a stage .
five people are playing instruments on a lawn .
a man and a woman are jogging on a beach .
two women are running in a marathon .
five people are standing in front of a building .
a man is making dough in a kitchen .
a girl in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a young woman in a kitchen is working in a kitchen .
a boy is sliding down a slide .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of women in a building .
three men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in the middle of a trailer .
a group of people wearing makeup .
people at a bar .
a large group of young people are gathered around a table .
people waiting to cross the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a classroom .
a group of young adults participate in a race .
a group of people are gathered on a stage .
a man is swinging a baseball bat .
a girl in a dress playing the drums .
people on a subway platform .
a man is cooking food .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
two young boys , one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing in a field .
a man with glasses and glasses is holding a microphone .
a young adult is holding up a sign with writing on it .
a group of guys drinking beer .
two men are sitting on a couch .
two women talking .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
people are cooking in a kitchen .
a man is carrying a bike .
a man is carrying a bike .
a group of people on a train .
a man is carrying a bicycle .
children ride a train at an amusement park .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man riding a dirt bike on a dirt bike .
a child is playing with a toy .
a group of teenagers are gathered outside a building .
five young people sitting at a table .
people sitting on steps .
three teenagers sitting on steps .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a group of musicians are playing music outside .
a band plays music on the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a band plays in the background .
a band is performing in front of a crowd .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a band is performing on stage .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of musicians performing on stage .
a group of musicians are performing on stage .
a group of people at a rally .
a festival in a town square .
a man in a tuxedo is wearing a tuxedo .
kids playing guitars on stage .
people waiting for a train .
a man and woman ride bikes past a blue sky .
a band performs in the middle of a band .
a band plays on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band plays on stage .
a little girl is jumping in the air .
four children are sitting at a table and talking to each other .
three teenagers are eating food .
a dog runs on the ground .
people sitting at a table eating food .
four people are sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people in the woods .
a woman is holding her hands on her face .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man is looking at a couple .
a group of musicians playing in the grass .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people in a public place .
a band plays music .
a group of people wearing blue uniforms are standing in a circle .
a group of couples are sitting in a room .
cheerleaders are performing on stage .
a group of cheerleaders are working together .
several people are cheering .
cheerleaders are practicing their routine .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy hiding behind a cardboard box .
a boy in a blue shirt is hiding in the grass .
a young boy in a red shirt is standing in the street .
a young boy in a black shirt is doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a boy in a green shirt is standing at a market .
a little boy hiding in the grass .
a little boy in a blue shirt is under a table full of fruit .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a little boy hiding under a fruit table .
the little boy is hiding on the ground .
a young boy with brown hair is playing with a brown haired boy .
a woman and a boy are walking down the street .
a woman in a pink shirt and a child in a pink shirt and a child in a pink shirt and a child in
a woman is holding a child .
a woman is holding a baby in her hand .
a woman and a child are standing next to each other .
a woman is looking at a baby .
a lady with glasses is holding a baby .
a woman is holding a baby in her hand .
a man and a horse are riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is operating a bicycle .
a man is doing a stunt on a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is attempting to climb his bike .
a man in a white shirt is pulling his bicycle .
a man is riding a bicycle in front of a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to throw a bull .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on the stairs .
a shirtless boy is skateboarding .
a man is doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man stands in the snow .
a man is standing next to a car .
a man stands on a path next to a car .
a person standing in the snow next to a car .
a man is standing on a snow covered hill .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man with a blue hat and a blue hat walks away from the camera .
a man is sleeping on the snow .
a person doing yoga in the water .
a man shoveling snow .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman doing yoga on a beach .
a man skiing in the snow .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down a mountain trail .
two people hiking up a dirt path .
two people are hiking on a trail .
people hiking on a rocky road .
a bike rider in a green shirt is riding a bike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a biker is riding a bike through the dirt .
a biker in a race .
a construction worker working at a construction site .
a worker in a hard hat is sitting on a bench .
three men standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a construction site .
boys playing on a playground .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a baby is crying .
a beagle chasing sheep .
a woman skis down a snowy slope .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a skateboarder rides down the steps of a building .
a man is leaning off of a building .
a woman is standing in the snow .
a young boy is playing in a green tube .
a man and a woman standing in a room .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an asian woman is standing in front of an atm machine .
a blond woman walks down the street .
a woman is holding up a sign .
a little girl is riding a toy tricycle .
a little girl is playing with bubbles .
a woman is walking down the street .
a worker posing for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is reading a book on the ocean .
a group of people at a concert .
a man on a rock climbing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person climbing a rock wall .
a man is rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
a woman in a floral dress is looking at something .
a man giving a speech .
a person is swimming in the water .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
six people are sitting and talking .
a crowd of people are standing outside of a building .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
a man playing music in an urban area .
a man playing the guitar .
people standing at the entrance of a store .
two women standing in front of a store .
two women are sitting in a grocery store .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table with her arms crossed .
two men sitting in an airport .
two men are at an airport .
three men posing for a picture .
two men stand in front of an airport .
a woman holds an axe while leaning against a tree .
a man is climbing a tree .
two men stand in a school booth .
a view of a telephone pole in the sky .
construction workers are standing on scaffolding .
the telephone wires is illuminated by the telephone wires .
two wires are carrying signs .
a man is standing in front of a pole .
a group of people wearing hats are playing soccer .
a crowd of people wearing hats .
a crowd of people are gathered on their heads .
spectators watching an event .
a group of people are looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is using a laptop .
several people are working on a wooden desk .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table eating food .
several people are sitting at a desk .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a large white dog looking out of a window .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a dog is looking at something .
two children are hugging on the sidewalk .
a large group of people are riding on a white atv .
here is a picture of a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and hard hats on the ground .
a large group of people on a city street .
a group of people are walking on a road .
a city street with cars parked in the background .
a man and a woman embrace .
a truck drives down the road .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog stands in a field .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
two dogs are riding in a vehicle .
a group of children sitting at a table .
people at a mall .
a child swimming in a pool .
a black and white dog looks through a microscope .
a black and white dog is taking a picture .
a black dog and a brown dog are looking at each other .
a black and white dog is playing with a toy .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people in a field of grass .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a field .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a field .
a field in a field .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a field .
a child sledding down a snow covered hill .
a baby sleeps in bed .
a person is standing in shallow water .
a group of people stand around a food truck .
a woman in a pink sweater is sitting next to a man in a white sweatshirt .
a group of people are standing in front of a van .
two young girls share a book .
a group of girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
two small people are sitting on a brick wall .
a group of men in a restaurant .
two people are reading a magazine .
a group of children are playing in a courtyard .
a group of people are rollerskating in a roller derby .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting at a bar counter .
a young man in a blue shirt is holding a flag .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
two children are standing outside of a building .
two young boys stand under a building .
a black and white dog is barking at another dog .
an asian man is lifting weights .
an athlete is running down the street .
a person is picking up trash .
a person is lifting weights .
a man in a white shirt is singing .
a man working at an airport .
a man in a blue bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
a man training a bull .
a butcher cleans the floor .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in swim trunks is jumping into the air .
a woman sitting at a table drinking beer .
a woman in a tank top drinks from a plastic glass glass .
a little boy is being held by a man in a white shirt .
a woman in a pink tank top is sitting in a chair .
a man in a red shirt is driving his bicycle down a busy street .
a group of people are playing instruments and singing .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of men are performing on stage .
three men are sitting on a bench holding a gift box .
a group of people in blue vests and blue hard hats are fighting .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a man in a black coat and a woman in a black coat are walking in the snow .
two people are balancing on metal beams .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is reading a book .
a boy sitting in his pajamas with a guitar on his lap .
an elderly man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans is praying .
a blond boy sits next to a guitar reading a book .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are
a person in a brown sweater is sitting in a chair .
a woman is doing dishes in a kitchen .
a woman is writing something .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man and a dog in a field .
a woman in a blue business suit talks on a cellphone .
a man is riding a bull .
a man is looking at food on a clothesline .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a lady digging through a puddle of grass .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a lady in a fancy dress sings to an audience .
a singer in a red shirt is singing .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman singing into a microphone .
workers in a pizza shop .
a woman working on a machine .
a policeman is riding a motorcycle .
a policeman waits at an intersection .
police officer waiting for a green light .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a supermarket .
people waiting to cross the street .
a dog jumps for a toy .
a group of people watching an event .
a man and a woman play in the grass .
a man showing his dog on a skateboard .
two men are playing instruments .
a group of men playing instruments .
a man is playing the accordion .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a festival in a park .
people buying food .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people stand on a street corner .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
two men are sitting on a bench talking to each other .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white hat plays electric guitar .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing a guitar .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a family posing for a picture .
a family hiking through the woods .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people walk up a rocky hill .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children are walking with their children .
two girls are walking with adults .
a family is taking a walk .
a family is walking down the street .
two young girls are walking down the street .
a family is walking along a path .
a family enjoying the day .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people are walking barefoot .
a rock view of a rock .
two girls are climbing an old fashioned carpet .
a family is climbing in the snow .
a family is climbing rocks .
two girls walk with an older couple in the background .
two young girls climb a hallway with their parents .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
two men are playing a musical instrument .
two men playing instruments .
a man is playing a guitar on stage .
two men playing music on stage .
a man and a woman are playing guitars .
a man is playing cricket .
a group of people are playing cricket .
two women are sitting on the street .
a woman holds a butterfly .
a group of sled dogs are in the snow .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are pulling a man in a snow covered mountain .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a lady is walking her dog .
two dogs are in a race .
a group of women are practicing yarn .
people are surfing on a wave in the ocean .
a person is falling to the ground .
a woman in a white shirt is reading a book .
a woman is eating a meal .
a man holding a woman 's hand .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people are marching down a street .
a band performs on stage .
a group of musicians working on a project .
a group of people are cheering .
a woman is standing next to a pile of trash .
a dark street scene with a group of people , a man and a woman are eating .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of children sit on a park bench .
a group of people are working in a building .
a group of people are sitting on the street .
two wrestlers wrestling at a match .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men and a woman are wrestling on a wooden floor .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is wrestling .
two women are standing next to a structure .
a man working on a truck .
a man in a white shirt is wrestling at a wrestling match .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of protesters are gathered together .
two women sitting on stairs .
a gymnast is performing a routine .
a man throwing a baseball .
a crowd of people in red shirts are standing in a crowd .
a man is doing a handstand on a stage .
a man is playing a guitar .
a little boy is taking a break in a cement alley .
a man in a white shirt is using a tree .
a bearded man with a beard is holding a beard .
a young boy in a blue shirt is climbing a tube .
three people are working together .
a group of people in front of a building .
a group of people working outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a small boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans stands in front of a yellow tube .
three young boys are riding bikes in a cart .
a person walking down the street .
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people prepare for an amusement jump .
two men at a sporting event .
two men wrestling in a field .
a group of people are climbing on each other .
a group of young boys are sitting on a bench .
a child in a green shirt is walking in a puddle .
two girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in blue and the other in blue , are walking down the street .
two girls are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing on scaffolding .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are balancing on a beam .
a man fishing in a river .
a man with a net in the water .
a black and white dog is swimming in the water .
a child is standing on a dock .
a bull looks at a bull .
a boy in a green sweater sitting in a chair .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a log in the background .
a boy is standing next to a body of water .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on a sidewalk .
a boy stands next to a body of water .
a black dog with its mouth open .
a cowboy riding a bucking bull .
a girl is eating a meal .
a crowd of people are gathering at a farmers market .
a man in a leather jacket is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two dogs wrestle in a field .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a young indian man sitting on a concrete structure .
a man with no shoes on is grinding a stone wall .
a black and white dog biting another dog in the grass .
two dogs play in a field .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs are running in a grassy field .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs wrestle in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs playing with each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are wrestling .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people are sitting on rocks .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two men wearing sunglasses are walking down the street .
a young child is eating a meal .
two men walking away from a red wall .
a man is playing an instrument .
a waiter working in a restaurant .
people shopping at a market .
a man in a black shirt is playing the accordion .
a man is eating food .
a man is holding a tray of food .
a man in a blue shirt is walking up the stairs .
a man with a whistle in his mouth .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a tray of food in his mouth .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is riding a bike on a sunny day .
a man is riding a bull .
a man standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people playing on a beach .
a girl running on the beach .
a little girl is sitting on the beach .
a family plays in the water .
two men are preparing food .
two men talking to each other .
a little girl is sitting on the beach .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog is running in a crowd .
three people in a bus .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two police cars parked on the street .
a crowd of people at a rodeo show .
three people walking across a bridge .
swimmers swim in the water .
swimmers are swimming in the water .
two women are swimming in the london olympics .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are standing in a library .
a man and a woman in front of a store .
two men standing in a kitchen .
two men in military uniforms stand in line .
four children are rollerskating .
two boys in football uniforms tackle the ball .
several people are playing games at a carnival .
four people are doing martial arts .
a lady is playing a carnival game .
a woman in a blue shirt is throwing a popsicle .
a football player tackles his opponent .
a group of people at a carnival .
a dog swims in the water .
two people are crossing the street in front of a store .
two people are walking in front of a store .
a group of people are walking around a store .
two people walk down the street .
people are walking down a busy street .
a man catches fish in the water .
a person is walking on a path .
a man is fishing .
a man and a woman are wearing jackets .
a young boy is using a laptop computer .
a small boy is standing in front of a construction site .
a group of people standing around a table .
two boys are playing in a living room .
two boys are playing on a bed .
a group of people are standing together .
two boys are hitting each other .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a cake .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of men waiting for a picture .
a woman is sitting on a bench with an umbrella .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman with a blue umbrella is holding a blue umbrella .
a person sitting in front of a microphone .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
the goalie is standing near the goal .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the drums .
a goalie is playing with a hockey ball .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a small child in a blue shirt is sitting on the floor .
a man snowboarding .
two people drinking beer outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man with a microphone is holding a microphone .
a man holding a beer .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a black t shirt is holding a beer .
a man is holding an object in his hands .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a boat is smoking .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a helicopter flies over the water in the ocean .
a group of people are competing in a competition .
a man in a blue shirt is rowing a boat .
a group of children in the snow .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a street performer wearing a costume .
a girl in an orange shirt is performing a trick .
a man and a woman dressed in costumes .
a female gymnast is balancing on her makeup .
a man and a woman are juggling hands .
two dogs play in the snow .
a person swimming underwater .
a man is holding a beer .
a hiker is standing in a forest .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people working on the road .
construction workers working on a construction site .
four men in orange vests work in a dark area .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing in the water .
an old man standing next to some trees .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a young boy is holding an object .
a little boy wearing a blue and white striped shirt is playing with a white ball .
a young girl is holding something .
a little boy in a blue shirt is holding a toy .
a boy in shorts is holding a ball .
a small boy is swimming in the water .
a boy in a yellow football uniform stands in shallow water .
a man is fixing a car .
a man in a blue shirt is repairing a car .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man is fixing his truck .
a child is fixing a truck while another man watches .
a man working on the engine of an award .
a man in a black shirt works on an engine .
a man working on the engine of an old car .
a man working on a car .
a car drives down the road .
a man is looking at a truck .
a man and a boy look at a truck .
a man and a little boy are looking at a truck .
a man and a little boy are playing in the grass .
a man and a young boy are looking at the engine of a green truck .
people are standing in front of a truck .
a group of people working on an old truck .
a group of people are working on a train .
a man and two children are fixing a truck .
a man and two children are fixing a truck .
two people looking at an old truck .
a young boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a young boy is riding a blue slide down the water .
two young boys playing soccer .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a mountain biker in the background with a forest in the background .
a boxer in a white uniform is riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a bmx bike in the forest .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle down the street .
a soccer player in a red uniform is jumping in the air .
a biker performs a trick on a ramp .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two people are working at a construction site .
two construction workers standing next to machinery .
two construction workers standing next to a metal structure .
two construction workers are standing on scaffolding .
two construction workers stand next to a fire .
two men standing in front of a machine .
two men standing next to a machine .
two men are standing in front of a machine .
two guys standing near a large machine .
two men wearing hard hats and hard hats are wearing hard hats .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a woman with a helmet is riding a bike .
a young boy is playing baseball .
a child is playing baseball .
a woman in a white horse costume in a crowd .
a man rides his bike down the street .
a dog with a branch in its mouth .
a yellow dog has a big stick in its mouth .
a dog is holding a stick .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a dog holding a stick .
a woman is holding a tray of food .
a snowboarder in a snow covered mountain .
a cart full of people sitting in a cart .
an elderly woman is holding a young girl 's hand .
a group of football players in red and white uniforms .
a football player in a white shirt and white shorts is running down the street .
a team of soccer players on the field .
a group of soccer players getting ready for a fight in the middle of a match .
a group of people sitting on a bus talking .
a soccer game is being played .
a man in a white shirt is holding a ice cake .
a person is standing on a pole .
a man is standing in front of a white house .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a telephone pole .
a man is serving snow cones .
two women in dresses hold flowers .
a group of people sitting behind a man in an arena .
a group of fans watch a soccer game .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are standing in front of a building .
a crowd of fans watch as a crowd of fans watch .
two women walk down the sidewalk .
a man is walking out of a bathroom .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the middle of the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is leaving a bowling alley .
a chinese man is walking down the street .
a boy riding a bike in the rain .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a blue mat .
a biker is doing a trick on his bike .
a man is doing a trick on a bicycle .
a man with no shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is racing on a track .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing a board game .
a boat in the water .
two men fishing in a boat .
a woman and a child play a game .
a woman in a brown shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are playing monopoly .
a child playing a board game .
a man sitting on a bench talking on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is biking towards a castle .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a man pushing a truck .
a man pushing a cart on a dirt road .
a man pushing a cart full of bags .
a man stands next to a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting something .
a man is holding a knife .
children playing soccer .
a person is preparing food .
two football players wearing helmets .
a skateboarder is jumping in the air .
two boys playing football on a field .
two children are sitting on a couch .
children playing on a couch .
two children are playing in a kitchen .
children are sitting on a couch .
two boys are playing on a trampoline .
two women are dancing .
a woman working at a sewing machine .
a woman with her arm in the air .
a man working with yarn .
a group of people in a shop .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
a woman is sewing a loom with a loom .
a baseball player in a white jersey is playing the baseball .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are standing near a train tracks .
a dog runs through the water .
a woman is looking at her phone .
a woman waits with her luggage .
a woman in a green dress is standing on a street with cars in the background .
a woman is sitting on the street looking at her cellphone .
a group of children wearing hard hats and safety vests are riding a bike .
a woman is testing on a cellphone .
a small boy is sitting on a stool in front of a large chair .
a child eating a snack .
a boy eating a sandwich .
a boy is eating a meal .
a little boy is sitting and eating .
a young boy is eating a meal .
a boy is sitting at a table eating .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is eating something .
a dog in the ocean .
a man sets up a table with a table .
a woman is sewing on a sewing machine .
two girls in a match .
three women in dark dresses are walking .
a group of men dancing in the street .
a group of dancers dancing in a crowd .
a referee is competing in a roller derby match .
a woman with a whistle .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants is holding a whistle .
a woman in a roller derby outfit is rollerskating .
a woman in the middle of a rollerskater .
two women are playing roller derby .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a man in a white shirt is pulling a piece of paper .
a boy prepares to kick a soccer ball .
a band plays in a town .
a group of dancers dancing in a dance .
a white dog running in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is watching a ballet .
a girl in a white shirt stands on a stage .
a young girl is performing ballet .
a young girl is performing ballet .
a little girl in a white leotard is standing in front of a crowd .
an asian woman is dancing in a white leotard .
two girls dancing on a stage .
a group of girls dancing in a ballet studio .
a man with a video camera is playing with a video camera .
a boy reading a book .
a woman working with a sewing machine .
a man climbing a cliff .
a group of people standing in a field .
a group of people are looking at something .
a woman talking to two men .
a woman in a blue coat looks to the left .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a band performs on stage .
two people are shoveling snow .
two men are standing in the snow .
men in shorts shoveling snow .
two men are shoveling snow .
two men are standing outside of a building .
three men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two men are digging a hole .
a group of people playing soccer .
a football player catches a football .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a
a football player in a blue and white jersey is running .
a football player catches a football .
a football player catches a football .
a group of people are playing football .
a woman in a white shirt is running through the rain .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a dark haired woman wearing a brown shirt is climbing a wall .
a man on a rock climbing .
people standing on a pier overlooking a lake .
a group of people on a boardwalk .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of photographers are walking on the street .
a man and a woman are taking pictures .
a man is taking a picture .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a man and a woman take pictures of the mountains .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a sewing machine .
a group of people are standing near water .
a woman in a short skirt is standing in front of a brick wall .
a woman is standing in front of an old poster .
a woman walking on a sidewalk .
a woman is sitting on a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a person in front of a body of water .
two men working on scaffolding .
two construction workers getting ready to work .
people are riding a bus .
a man smoking a cigarette is smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man smokes a cigarette .
two african american men looking away from the crowd .
a group of people sitting on a bus .
a group of workers dressed in costumes .
a group of people are walking on a street .
people are walking down a street .
people walking around in the street .
two girls are swinging on a swing .
a girl swings on a swing .
two young girls are hanging on a tire swing .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young woman in a skirt and tank top walking her dog on a sunny day .
a woman is walking her dog on a sidewalk .
a young child sits on the floor .
a family enjoying the day .
a woman and a dog walk through a field .
a man is holding a small child .
a man with a beard is smiling .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone .
a man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a bearded man smiles and smiles .
a bearded man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a family looks at a baby .
a group of people looking at something .
three people having a conversation .
a family having a good time .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a sign .
two police officers standing on a city street .
two people are talking on the street .
two police officers talking to each other .
two police officers talking .
a man is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is surfing a wave .
a man on a surfboard rides a wave .
a mother is holding a baby .
a man sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man looking out the window of a building .
a person leaning on a wall looking over a balcony .
a man leaning on a wall looking over a balcony .
a man leaning against a wall .
a man is cutting wood .
a man is chopping wood .
a man standing on a balcony on a balcony .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a child is playing in the water .
a group of men are sitting in boats .
a man is writing something .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a man writing on a chalkboard .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman taking a picture .
two dogs are biting each other .
two dogs are lying in a cage .
a woman in a blue shirt is teaching another woman .
a man is standing in front of a classroom writing on a chalkboard .
a woman holding a little girl .
a group of people with umbrellas .
people walking in the rain .
a woman holding a baby with a baby .
a group of people are standing under umbrellas .
a football player looks at the field .
workers working on a bridge .
two men working on a roof .
construction workers are working together .
two people are at an event .
a group of men working on a construction site .
a child is playing in a park .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a beach .
a man in a white shirt runs towards the camera .
three dogs running on a track .
a man with dark hair is talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a group of young people pose in front of a sign on the side of the street .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs running on a track .
two dogs running in a field .
several dogs run around a racetrack .
two dogs race along a racetrack .
a man is holding a torch in his hand .
an old man is running down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are practicing karate .
a woman is applying mascara to another woman .
two dogs play in the snow .
a little girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a woman with long brown hair and a white shirt smiles while laughing .
a girl laughing while sitting on a couch .
a girl in a pink shirt laughs at the camera .
a woman laughing .
a woman is sitting and talking to a man .
a man with a bandanna on his face .
a group of people are driving down the street .
a man hitting a tennis ball .
a man is playing cricket on a field .
a person with a scarf on her head .
two dogs play in the water .
a group of people in a bar .
a man is throwing corn on the ground .
a person in blue jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a group of men are standing at a conference table .
a group of men wearing suits are walking down a street .
three men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing outside of a temple .
three guys are sawing a tree .
a man is holding a sign .
three men are cutting wood .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is laying on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a chair .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through a garden .
a dog with his mouth open .
a dog is running through the grass .
a man standing in front of an advertisement .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a dog is standing in the bushes .
a person in a raincoat is walking down the street .
two adults are playing on a playground .
two children are standing next to each other .
a group of children at a playground .
two boys ride a swing in a playground .
two children on a swing .
a group of people standing in front of a store .
two women sitting at a table .
people walking across a street .
two older women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are standing in front of a wall .
two babies standing next to each other .
a group of men wearing caps are standing in front of a table .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a family plays in the living room .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a family is looking at a car .
a man in a red jacket is walking down the street .
a crowd of people at a sporting event .
two police officers on a street .
a man is sitting in the back of a taxi cab with a suitcase .
a man is sitting in a bus .
a man with a magazine on his head is holding a magazine .
a man in a yellow shirt rides a bicycle .
a yellow taxi cab with a train .
a busy street with graffiti on it .
an old woman is playing an accordion .
a car parked in front of a car .
a car with a sign attached to it .
a taxi cab with a mannequin on top of it .
a taxi cab with a sign on it .
a busy city street .
a person in yellow pants and a black shirt is on a snowy mountain .
two men are working on a stage .
a man speaks into a megaphone .
a group of people are listening to music .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in front of a podium .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a crowd .
a young child wearing a red helmet is riding a bike .
a child is skiing down a snowy hill .
a child skis over ice skates .
a child playing on ice .
a child in a blue shirt is crying .
a young child is skiing over the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs towards the trees .
a person in a swimsuit swims in a lake .
a dog swims in the water .
a person in a blue shirt is trying to do a trick .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is pouring something on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in the street .
a man in a cap is sitting in a chair .
a boy is walking down the street .
a man is hanging upside down on a cliff .
a black man standing next to a statue .
a skateboarder on a skateboard .
a man is skating down a ramp .
a group of people are sitting on steps near a green building .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a woman is smiling while holding a smile .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
two women are sitting at a table .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
two women are hanging out of a building .
a woman smiles at the camera .
two dogs walking with each other .
a man skating down stairs .
a man is crossing the street in the snow .
a group of people wait outside a building .
a person stands next to a pick box .
a young boy does a trick on a skateboard .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is looking at pigeons .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench looking at something .
a man in a white shirt playing a tuba .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
two people waiting for a train at a train station .
a man is playing a guitar .
a woman in a white shirt plays a tuba .
a man playing the accordion .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people walk down a city street .
a man is holding a hammer .
a group of people at a skate park .
an older man is looking over a tool .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man working on a project .
a man is working in a shop .
a person snowboarding down a brick wall .
a snowboarder grinds a rail with snow .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside of a building .
a man with a backpack stands next to a wagon .
a person is standing next to a building .
a man is standing next to a farmer 's cart .
a brown dog jumping in the air .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog is jumping over a fence .
a dog jumps over a pole .
a dog jumps over a pole .
a little girl climbing a rock .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a woman in a black dress is showing another woman on a city sidewalk .
several people in a room with equipment .
a woman with glasses and a white shirt is weaving a piece of paper .
a woman looking at one another .
a man in a white shirt is standing on the beach .
a person is playing on the water .
a surfer is surfing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are wearing hard hats and hats .
a group of people standing near a pile of soil .
men working on railroad tracks .
construction workers watching a machine .
construction workers doing construction work .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is walking down the street .
a skier holding two ski poles .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a boy is jumping up in the air .
a young child is jumping in the air .
a person doing a flip on a trampoline .
a guy doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man is sitting on a bench in a park .
a man doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a man does a handstand in a park .
a woman skis down a snowy slope .
a man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing in front of a man wearing a black shirt .
a man reading a book .
a man is riding a horse .
a martial arts match .
a group of people getting ready to compete .
a group of people are standing around a table .
an audience gathers for an event .
a group of people getting ready to go down the floor .
two black dogs are running .
a man poses for a picture .
a man gets thrown from a horse .
people gathered in front of a building .
people looking at something on a table .
a woman in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
two men are working at a grill .
a man is riding a bucking bronco .
a girl in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a swing .
a young woman with headphones on is walking on a sidewalk .
a lady wearing headphones is sitting on a bench .
a young female is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street listening to music .
a young woman is walking and listening to music .
a woman in a light colored dress is walking with a guitar .
a woman in a white shirt and jeans is walking and listening to music .
a woman stands next to a clown in a costume .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is posing for a picture .
two men having a conversation .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people working on a project .
a woman sits under a sign .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting under a red sign .
a boy is holding up a trash bag .
two people are sitting on a bench .
people are sitting on a bench .
two women hugging each other .
two women hugging each other .
a lady helps a young girl with paint paint .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a child in a grassy meadow .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two people in a field of flowers .
a group of people are embracing .
an older man and a woman are standing in front of an old person .
two children are watching a cow fight .
a family is standing next to a dog .
a family is sitting on a bench eating and smiling .
a man holding a baby 's hand .
five people are looking at animals .
a man and a woman are looking at each other .
a waitress is standing outside of a store .
a waterskier in the water .
a man is skiing with a parachute .
a biker with a backpack and a backpack is riding a mountain .
a man surfing on a surfboard .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a young person is working in a yard .
a man is using a chainsaw to cut something .
a baseball player in blue swings a baseball .
a street vendor is selling items .
a group of people having a barbecue .
a man is holding a large bundle of baskets .
a man in a white shirt is walking by a man in a white shirt .
a man walking down the street carrying a large stick .
a man walking down the street carrying a lot of baskets .
a man is walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a group of people gather around a playground .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of men are standing in front of a body of water .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of musicians playing music .
two men are playing in the snow .
a group of elderly people playing basketball .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
people are playing checkers .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of elderly people are playing checkers in a poor area .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people are playing soccer .
three women swimming in a pool .
a woman in a straw hat is standing next to a woman wearing a straw hat .
a blond woman in a blue shirt with a blue stripe on her head .
a blond woman in a blue shirt wearing a blue hat .
a white woman in a blue shirt is wearing a blue shirt .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman with a hat is holding a sign .
a woman with long brown hair wearing a black hat and white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is wearing a cowboy hat .
a woman with a hat on her head .
two men are smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something on his face .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microscope .
a man in a white shirt is holding a white bucket .
a man with a white rag over his face .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a blue rag .
a man in a towel is sitting in a chair .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is hiding his face .
a man is riding a horse .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a man is carrying boxes of boxes .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a girl is playing in the snow .
a young girl is sitting on a swing on a playground .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a man is carrying boxes of boxes .
three women sitting on a bench .
three women sitting on a bench waiting for something .
two women are sitting on a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
three women sitting on a bench .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
three people are sitting next to each other .
a man is sitting on a bus stop .
two people looking at a child .
a child and a child are smiling and smiling .
two people are walking on a sidewalk .
a small child is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a family in the street .
a busy city street .
a woman and two children sit on a porch .
a man with an american flag is holding a green sign .
a man reading a book .
a bicyclist rides down the sand .
a baby is making a funny face .
a crane in the water .
a person is riding a horse .
a man is swimming in a pool .
a child is crying .
a man is sitting on his lap on his lap .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a man and a child walk down the street .
a man and a child play in the sand .
a man and a toddler are playing in a backyard .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a man is playing with a baby in a backyard .
a man and a child walk down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is rock climbing .
a person on the side of a mountain .
a man is using a piece of machinery .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man is posing behind another man in front of a grill .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
two men are standing in front of a grill .
two men are standing next to each other .
an old man watching another man who is cooking .
a construction worker driving a yellow truck .
a worker wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a middle aged man in a white shirt is working on a machine .
a boy is standing in the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
a blond boy with blond hair is holding a blond boy 's hair .
a boy in a blue shirt is swimming in a pool .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a towel .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
four men are sitting at a table talking .
a group of men drinking coffee .
a man is jumping off a cliff into the water .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a couch .
two men are standing in line .
a group of people gathered in a grassy area .
two men in shorts are standing in a crowd .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are sitting on the grass at a park .
a group of men dressed in black are standing in front of a building .
two men are standing in a grassy area .
two men in black shirts are standing next to each other .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a man in a black shirt is making pottery .
three guys are on a beach .
a group of people are sitting at a desk .
a man in a black shirt is using a sewing machine .
a man is cooking a meal .
a mother is holding her child .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
a young person standing next to a metal fence with a cigarette in his mouth .
a child smoking a cigarette .
a young person standing near a metal fence with a cigarette in its mouth .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
children running in a race .
two men talking to each other .
a man smoking a cigarette is smoking a cigarette .
a man and a woman are walking by a man playing the drums .
a dark skinned man playing drums .
a man is playing drums in a tunnel .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a man playing a guitar in a subway station .
two girls are getting ready for a roller coaster .
a man in a military uniform is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of men are standing in line .
a group of military military men standing in line .
soldiers are lined up with guns and guns .
a tattoo artist applies tattoo .
a tattoo artist working on a loom .
a man is performing a surgery .
a tattoo artist works on a loom .
a snowboarder in the air .
a person stands in the snow with a shovel .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a snowboarder jumps over a snowboard .
a snowboarder performing a trick in midair .
a woman sitting on a bench .
people taking pictures .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a store .
a small group of people taking pictures .
workers working on a project .
a person standing over a body of water .
two men are making pizza .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
a group of men are making pizza .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are making dough in a kitchen .
a cook cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people in front of a cave .
a man and a dog play in the snow .
a boy jumping over a hill .
children sitting on a tire swing .
two women rest on a park bench .
a woman is giving directions to a woman .
two women rest on a park bench .
a sports car awaits a curve .
two elderly women sitting on a bench .
a group of women wearing roller derby attire are rollerskating .
a woman sitting in a canoe and looking at a dock .
a girl in a yellow shirt is sitting in a boat .
a group of people sitting on a canoe .
two elderly women are sitting on a park bench .
a woman in a blue boat is in a boat .
two women are walking down the street .
a man and woman talking to each other .
a boy is making a face at the camera .
a girl in a red dress is standing in front of a store .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man is standing in front of a store .
a young man wearing a knit cap and jacket is walking down the street .
a man is standing outside of a street .
a man in a white shirt is working on a project .
a man is smiling in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt and white pants walks down the sidewalk .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a photographer is working on a sculpture .
two dogs play in the snow .
a boy with a rubber box in his hands .
a child playing with toys .
a toddler is playing with a rubber chicken .
two girls are splashing in the water .
two women are walking behind a young girl .
two girls walk down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people in a park .
children sliding down a slide .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air with a lake in the background .
a skier poses on a slope .
a man in a winter coat skiing on a snowy mountain .
a skier takes a picture .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are dancing .
a woman in a white shirt sweeps a sidewalk .
a woman is putting on her boots on her boots .
a woman is putting something on her head .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a computer .
a woman is holding a large hammer .
a woman is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman is working with computers .
a woman is fixing an electronic device .
a woman is holding something in her hands .
a woman is working on a project .
a man is working on a computer .
a group of children in jackets are standing in front of a fountain .
a man teaching another man how to use a tool .
a man and a woman cutting a board .
two people are cutting wood .
a man working on a machine .
a man is fixing a piece of wood .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is fixing a television .
a woman working on a board while a man watches .
a man is climbing up a pole .
children smiling and smiling .
a group of people enjoying the beach .
two people are running in a race .
a basket of produce is sitting outside of a store .
three people are on a beach .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a group of people competing in a race .
a group of people are taking pictures .
two athletes are jumping in front of hurdles .
two athletes jump over hurdles .
two football players compete for the ball .
two football players , one in blue and the other in black and the other in blue , are jumping over hurdles .
people are working in a parking lot .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a map .
a group of people carrying flags .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two men are setting up chairs .
a man in a yellow jacket is standing in a yellow jacket .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two men are running with no shoes on .
a child is playing with a toy .
a skier flies through the air .
a brown horse is jumping into the air with two men .
a skier is skiing down the street .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking in the snow .
a man and a woman are holding a ski lift .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person is skiing .
a skier flies through the air .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a boat on a river .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a child .
a woman and her two children are flying kites .
a young man playing golf in a field .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is using a power drill saw .
a man digging through a concrete structure .
a man prepares to drill a pumpkin .
a man smiles at a pumpkin .
a young man in a white shirt is using a vacuum cleaner .
a baby chews on a toy .
a baby playing with toys .
a baby laying on a toy truck .
a baby is playing with a toy house .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a soccer game is going for the ball .
a man working on a project .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is working on scaffolding .
a scientist working on a television .
a man is working on a machine .
a technician is fixing a machine .
a man is fixing a machine .
a man in a white shirt is working on a machine .
a man working on a train .
a man in a white shirt is leaning into a metal box .
a man in a white shirt is fixing a train .
a man is leaning into a box .
a man is fixing a train .
a child is standing next to a body of water .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man pushing another person on a sidewalk .
a basketball player in a white jersey is holding a basketball .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a basketball player playing basketball .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is carrying a laundry basket .
a woman doing laundry on a clothesline .
a lady in a white shirt is cleaning the floor .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman in a bathing suit prepares to cross the water .
two men are competing in a race .
a group of people having a conversation .
two dogs play in the snow .
a young boy is playing soccer in the middle of a soccer field .
a dog jumps up to catch a frisbee .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a dog catching a frisbee in its mouth .
a white dog catching a frisbee .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog is playing with a ball .
two dogs fighting over a fence .
a dog jumps to catch a toy .
a black and white dog is playing with a ball .
a dog jumps for a toy .
a black and white dog is playing with a white dog .
a black and white dog catches a toy in the grass .
a young girl in a white shirt is buying groceries at a marketplace .
a woman in blue jeans and a green sweater carries a brown plastic bag .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is carrying a brown bag .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding something .
a woman carrying a plastic bag walks down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking away from the camera .
a little girl is carrying something in her hand .
shoppers are shopping at a market .
a group of people are inside a building .
a group of people in a store .
a group of people are sitting at an umbrella .
a man in a white shirt is talking to another man in a white shirt .
two men are practicing martial arts .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two men are fighting .
two men in a karate match .
two men competing in martial arts .
the referee is wearing a tie .
the referee is wearing a tie .
a man in a tie is watching a couple in martial arts .
two boxers are fighting .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
two men practicing martial arts .
two athletes competing in a race .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man on stage playing a guitar .
a man in a cape is holding a torch .
a singer in a costume is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt and shorts prepares to serve a bowling ball .
a man in a red shirt is getting ready to serve a tennis ball .
a man playing tennis on a tennis court .
a tennis player is hitting the ball .
a tennis player is serving the ball .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a girl dragging her sled through the snow .
a person in a red shirt and black pants is shoveling snow .
a person skis down a slope .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a guy in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a guy walks down the sidewalk .
a woman is walking down the street .
children are standing in the snow .
kids playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
snow in the snow .
a girl with a black jacket and a black jacket is holding a black jacket .
a woman is performing gymnastics in the london olympics .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a brown dog plays in front of two sheep .
a black and white dog runs past two cows .
a girl in a red shirt is balancing on a balance beam .
a gymnast is performing a handstand on the ground .
a gymnast is getting ready to throw her balance .
a female gymnast raises her arms over her head .
a gymnast is balancing on a balance beam .
a group of people are performing on a balance beam in front of a crowd .
a woman is balancing on a balance beam .
a man is performing a hula hoop .
a man is raising his hands .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a woman is waiting for her groceries .
a toddler plays in the grass .
a person standing in a ditch .
two women are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is working on a piece of wood .
a woman holding a baby .
two men having a conversation .
a group of people are having a conversation .
a woman is holding a baby .
a woman smiles as she holds a baby .
a girl and a boy are riding their bikes .
a man leans against the back of his car .
a man in sunglasses waits at a bus stop .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two women are holding hands .
a man in blue pants and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man working on a car .
two babies are sitting on a couch .
a baby is chewing on a toy .
two children look at something .
two people are checking out a building .
two babies are looking at each other .
a group of people are hiking in the woods .
an older woman looking at a small bird .
a group of people watch as a crowd watches .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is holding a large flag .
three people playing soccer .
a group of soccer players competing in a soccer match .
a man is using a hula hoop .
a girl is taking a nap on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person standing outside of a building .
two people biking along a lake .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a train .
three women , one wearing a white dress and the other wearing a white dress , are sitting on a bench .
three women are sitting on a bench .
a woman is jumping in the air .
three people are sitting near a tree .
a little girl is jumping into the water .
a man in a green bathing suit jumping off a building into a lake .
a man is standing outside of a building .
two men are giving each other .
a man in a white shirt is holding paint .
two soccer players are running down the field .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting in a circle in front of a crowd .
a group of people are playing instruments on stage .
three men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of an audience .
two men are performing on stage .
a man in a jacket is standing on the street .
three men are working on a fire .
a group of men are having a conversation .
three men in an auditorium .
a group of men are preparing for something .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two women in pink shirts perform ballet .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a blond girl in a tank top serving a man 's hair .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a woman in a denim jacket is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl playing the guitar .
a woman talking to a man .
a woman in a black jacket talking to a man in a black jacket .
two people having a conversation .
a woman is talking to a bearded man .
a woman is talking to a man .
a young girl talks to a guy .
a girl playing a guitar .
little girl playing the guitar .
a group of young girls are sitting on a bench .
two girls are playing in the sand .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
two people are bouncing on a large yellow ball .
two girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a pink shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a young man is standing on a sunny day .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a girl swimming underwater .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a person swimming in a pool .
a woman is washing under the water .
a woman in a white shirt is making laundry .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is putting something in a machine .
a woman in a black shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man in a hard hat is walking down the sidewalk .
a dog runs through snow .
a dog plays in the snow .
a brown dog and a black dog in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is walking next to a building .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a dog runs on ice .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a lady is standing outside of a restaurant .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
people are walking on the sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is handing food to a woman in a white shirt .
a man in a cowboy hat is riding a bull .
two cowboys are riding a bull .
a woman is cooking in the street .
people carry bags in a tunnel .
a man walks down the stairs .
a group of people walk down a hallway .
a group of people in a tunnel .
people walking down a hallway .
two women are standing in front of a man with a parachute .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two women looking at a balloon .
a group of adults are having a conversation .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a woman in a yellow t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person is holding a camera .
two men working on a project .
a middle aged woman wearing a red hat is fishing .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in a crowd .
a man in black is standing in front of a building .
a woman with a brown dog is holding a dog .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
kids playing in the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a person is painting a picture .
a child dressed in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
an asian man feeding a baby .
a man working on a project .
a man and a woman are grilling meat .
a man sitting on a platform .
a person is sitting on a rock in the air .
five dogs running in a grassy field .
a man and woman standing on a jet ski .
a little boy is looking at a girl .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man walking down the sidewalk .
a busy street with graffiti on it .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is painting a picture .
a young girl is painting a picture .
a man is painting a picture .
a child paints a piece of paper .
a young girl is painting a picture .
people walking down a street .
a girl is eating a meal .
a child in a red shirt is sleeping on a couch .
a child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a child is sleeping on a bench .
a black child laying in a hammock .
a boy is sleeping on a bench .
a black child sleeps on a blanket .
a child sleeps in a hammock .
people at a street fair .
a woman and a man are standing together .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman standing under trees .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an older man sits on a bench in front of a banner .
a man sleeping in public transportation .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is lying on the ground .
a boy in a football uniform runs down the field .
a man with gray hair and a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing next to a pipe .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a dog is performing a trick in the air .
a black and white dog is playing tennis .
a black and white dog is standing on top of a soccer ball .
a dog is trying to catch a ball .
a black and white dog is standing on the ground .
a dog jumps up to catch a ball .
a dog stands on its hind legs .
a black and white dog is playing tennis .
greyhounds racing around a track .
a group of people are sitting in front of a building .
a group of people are looking at something in the distance .
people looking through binoculars .
the bears are walking down the street .
two cats are looking at each other .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a stoop .
the bears are in the middle of the aisle .
a group of people standing in a bar .
young boys standing in front of a store .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person washing her face .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
a person is washing water .
a woman is washing the water in a river .
two people are standing next to a motorcycle .
a group of five people walk down the street .
children running on a beach .
two people running on the beach .
a boy and a girl are sitting on the grass .
a boy and girl running along the side of the beach .
two children playing on the beach .
a boy and girl running on the beach .
three guitarists performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band plays their instruments .
a band is performing at a concert .
a band is playing music .
two children running towards the water .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children running in the water .
two children run towards a body of water .
two children running in the surf .
a band plays music .
two men are running in a field .
a man in a gray shirt is kicking a basketball .
a group of children are jumping in the air .
a group of children in dark colored clothing .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with blond hair is sitting in a chair .
a woman is bowling .
two children playing with a ball .
a woman is bowling .
a man prepares to throw a bowling ball .
two men standing in front of a display .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man rides a bike in the sun .
two dancers dressed in black and black are dancing .
a person walking down the street .
a man is walking in a town square .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman reading a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman is reading a book .
a group of people sitting on the grass .
people reading a book on the beach .
people on a beach .
two men in front of a business display .
a man with a backpack is holding a backpack .
two children are playing in the water .
two girls playing in a pool .
children are swimming in a pool .
two children are playing soccer .
a biker doing a trick on a ramp .
a dirt bike rider is doing a trick in the air .
a person driving a motorcycle .
a person doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women are rowing a boat .
a man in a blue shirt jumping into the air .
a man wearing a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man in a wetsuit is holding a piece of wood .
a man is handing two wood in front of a building .
a person standing in front of a building holding a pair of sticks .
a man in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a golf ball .
a man on a beach is on the beach .
a young man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt juggling a golf ball .
people are celebrating in the street .
a group of asian people are sitting in a room .
a group of people standing on the street .
two women in canoes in a river .
three boys are looking into a microscope .
people carrying guns .
a group of people are gathered in a city street .
a woman is getting her haircut .
a woman is cutting a piece of paper .
a woman is cutting a piece of paper .
a woman is cutting a piece of paper .
a woman is giving another woman 's hair .
a person is riding a horse .
a woman is cutting another woman 's hair .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a man is riding a bike .
a woman wearing boots and boots is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a horse .
a young girl with a flower necklace and a flower necklace talks into a microphone .
three women are talking at the beach .
a man with a mohawk is playing the cello .
two men are sitting in a playground .
a police officer and a police officer on the street .
a man is getting a haircut .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are gathered on a street .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a rock band is performing in front of an audience .
a man with glasses is smiling .
construction workers standing near a truck .
two men are standing next to each other .
six construction workers on the side of a road .
a young boy in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a group of construction workers are in a field .
two men in front of an audience .
two men are teaching a small group of people .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a man in a white shirt is preparing to smoke .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is sitting in a chair with his arms crossed .
a man is sitting with a suitcase .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting with a suitcase .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a table .
a black dog swims in the water .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
a guy in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a girl on top of a mountain .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a man talking to a group of people .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
a group of children are playing outside .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt jumping in the air .
a group of children are standing in a field .
a policeman is looking at a man .
a policeman is standing next to a police officer .
a police officer stands next to a crowd of people .
a police officer in a black shirt and black hat brushes his teeth .
a policeman at a parade .
a person on the roof of a building .
a construction worker working on a construction site .
a construction site .
four men standing outside of a building .
a construction worker is working on a roof .
a man in a red top looks through a tube .
a girl on a balance beam on a balance beam .
a man is getting ready to take a photo .
a group of people are eating food .
men and women under umbrellas under umbrellas .
two young girls are handing out a book .
two people are hiking through the snow .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a horn .
a musician playing the trumpet .
a little boy in a kitchen is standing in a kitchen .
a man playing a guitar .
a boy working on a science project .
a young boy sits at a counter in front of a window with a shovel .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and woman are playing basketball .
a young girl is sitting in a chair .
a man in a vest is sleeping .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
an old man sleeping on a bench .
a man is riding a bike in the air .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
a bmx rider rides up a jump .
a bmx biker in the air .
a woman is eating food .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is holding a book .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person is riding a horse .
a female tennis player hitting the ball .
a musician playing the guitar .
a man in a white shirt is cutting meat .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man with a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
people looking at food at a market .
a man and a woman are looking at fish at a fish market .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man is buying food from a food stand .
a woman in shorts and a t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young woman is standing in a room .
people are gathered in an art gallery .
a kid in a white shirt and blue jeans is trying to climb a fence .
a group of women looking at an asian man .
a group of people standing in front of art .
a couple looking up at an event .
a woman in a jacket is standing in front of a building .
a child in a white shirt is sitting in a building .
a young girl is standing in front of plants .
a girl is standing in front of a window .
a little girl is sitting on the ground in front of a body of water .
a girl is standing in a window .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a skateboarder jumps on a ramp .
a woman is standing on the edge of a cliff .
a person skateboarding through a city .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is looking at a screen .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is working on a project .
a boy is climbing a fence .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is working on a fence .
a boy is climbing a fence .
a young boy in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard .
a group of people sitting in a room .
a man sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is sitting on a subway .
a boy in a blue shirt is trying to climb up a wall .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a young girl wearing a pink dress is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people at an event .
an asian woman in an orange dress is walking .
a woman stands in front of a crowd of people .
two people running in a race .
a young boy is running in the sun .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a tree bench .
three dogs racing around a track .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
a biker wearing a helmet is kneeling next to a tree .
two men are performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is resting on a tree stump .
a man and a girl are sitting on a bench .
two people are standing on the side of the side of a building .
a man crouches next to a girl in a white shirt .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man is talking to a child .
two men working in a medical arena .
a cowboy is walking his bike .
people walking down a street .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a long haired man is walking down a street with people in the background .
a man walks down the street .
a man walks down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a long haired man is walking down the road .
a man is walking down the street .
a man with long hair and a long sleeved shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are dancing .
two children are playing on a roller coaster .
two children ride a roller coaster .
two children ride a carousel ride .
two people ride an amusement park ride .
two children are playing on a trampoline .
a girl poses for a picture .
a child is sitting on a bench .
people waiting at an intersection .
a crowd of people sitting by a white elephant .
a large brown dog is walking through the street .
a group of children in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt is at a fair .
a man in a black shirt is watching another construction .
men working on a railroad track .
construction workers are working on a construction project .
three men are painting .
men working on railroad tracks .
a man is painting a picture .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a group of young people gather on a bridge .
two women are sitting next to a building .
a group of people having a conversation .
two young women on the street .
a group of asian women are walking down the street .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two women sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people playing soccer .
four soccer players playing soccer .
four people playing soccer in a field .
two soccer players playing soccer .
four guys playing soccer .
two dogs play in the snow .
a boy in a red hat is riding a horse .
a woman is looking at a camera .
a group of friends gathered around a table .
three little girls smiling .
a man is playing with a child .
a man is jumping in the air .
a young boy is singing into a microphone .
a dog runs through the grass .
a snowboarder going down a mountain .
a snowboarder in a red jacket and blue jeans is snowboarding .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a snowboarder on a snowy mountain .
a snowboarder in a red jacket is walking down a mountain .
a man in a highchair smiling .
a yellow dog running .
the dog is running through the grass .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a woman is dancing in front of an audience .
a group of people are making drinks .
a man in a white shirt is putting soap in a container .
two men grilling meat .
a woman and a child walk down the street .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a woman and a dog walk through a field .
a man is taking a picture .
a large group of people are walking down the street .
a man taking a picture of a woman .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of asian people are working on a project .
a group of people are selling items .
a man with a drink and a drink .
a man in a boat is paddling in the water .
a group of people working with wood .
a photographer is waiting for the camera .
a kayaker in the water .
a group of children are sitting on the shoulders of a table eating lunch .
a lady in a white shirt is getting ready to move a patient .
a group of people are walking through the snow .
children are sitting on a bench eating .
two children are eating books .
a small band is performing on stage .
a dog playing with a ball .
a man is singing into a microphone .
many people are walking down a city street .
a man sitting on a bench waiting for a bus .
two people looking at an aquarium .
people waiting for a bus .
a woman is holding a child .
two men talking to each other .
a group of women are standing near a body of water .
a couple hugging in front of a fountain .
a man in a white shirt is pulling a piece of wood .
two women are running .
a soccer game is being played .
a man looking at a food stand .
a group of people at a market .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman with a helmet is riding a bicycle .
a woman walks next to a bike .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a uniform is leaning against a fire hydrant .
a cowboy is riding a horse at a rodeo .
an ice cream truck is working on the ice .
two dogs play in the snow .
a child jumping on a swing .
two women talking at a table .
a young man rides a bike .
a woman and a boy are riding around a white car .
a group of women eating lunch .
a young boy is riding a bicycle down the street .
four asian people are sitting in a body of water in a body of water .
a group of people in white shirts are standing in front of a building .
four people are sitting in a boat .
an adult and three children in a canoe .
a family is rowing a canoe .
three people sitting in a canoe .
a lady and two children are sitting in a boat .
a man is sitting at a counter with a shopping cart .
a man is taking a picture .
a group of children are playing instruments .
a group of young boys are playing in the water .
a group of young people playing music .
two boys are playing in the water .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are coloring together .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a blue shirt is walking along the street .
runners are running on the beach .
a man in a marathon running down the street .
runners are walking past a glass building .
children playing soccer .
children in martial arts uniforms are having fun .
a baseball player hugs another player .
a group of football players in red and white uniforms are competing in a game .
two people are walking down the street .
a quarterback is about to throw a baseball .
a team member of a team is holding a basketball .
a quarterback is celebrating a win .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two dogs running in a field .
two men are playing a board game .
a group of men are playing soccer .
three men playing chess .
a group of young men , one in a red shirt and the other in a red shirt , are playing basketball .
a woman is looking down .
a woman wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a pink shirt is looking up .
a woman wearing a black shirt and glasses is reaching for something .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing at a game .
two rugby players playing rugby .
a group of people are standing around a bar .
a child is playing with a toy .
a child is riding on a ride .
a young boy is playing a video game .
a child is posing for a picture .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a child is standing next to plants .
a boy in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a crowd of people are watching a wedding .
a jockey is riding a horse in the middle of a race .
students waiting for a train .
a man is racing on a camel .
a group of students are walking down the street .
a dog is riding a horse .
a bride and groom take a wedding .
a group of people are walking through the buildings .
two women are dancing together .
two women in a cage .
two women wearing colorful costumes .
a large group of people are standing in front of a group of young girls who are dressed in red , white , and white .
two women dancing in front of a crowd .
two dancers are playing music in front of a crowd .
two women are working together .
two dancers dancing on stage .
two women are dancing .
two women are performing a dance .
a group of people dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are watching a ballerina in a dance studio .
people talking in the snow .
three adults are having a conversation outside .
a group of people are sledding down a hill .
a dog with its mouth open .
three people are laying in the snow .
two men are working on a construction site .
a man is playing with a dog .
a man is playing with a dog .
a man and a woman are sitting in the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game of war .
a man is playing with a dog .
construction workers standing around a building .
a group of people are carrying bags .
a group of people are gathered around a building .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a small dog .
a man is leaning against a small dog on a blanket .
a man is looking at a small dog on a blanket .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a dog .
two dogs play in the grass .
a yellow dog with a yellow jacket on .
a man is doing a jump on his dirt bike .
a biker is jumping over a ramp .
a man on stilts is walking down the street .
a biker rides on a dirt road .
a child is standing on rocks .
a child is smiling .
a hockey player tries to score the puck .
a group of people are playing soccer .
people playing on a beach .
a hockey player in a white and white uniform is running .
two hockey players on the ice .
a man using a chainsaw to cut wood .
a man is working on a project .
a man is carving wood .
a man cutting wood .
a man in a blue shirt is carving a wooden fence .
a woman is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a young boy wearing a blue helmet is riding a skateboard .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is riding a bike in a park .
a woman is running in a race .
a group of people are gathered around in the middle of a lake .
a group of people playing in a sprinkler .
a group of people getting out of water .
a group of people are swimming in a sprinkler .
a crowd of people are playing in a sprinkler .
a group of people are gathered in front of a map .
a bicyclist performs a trick on a ramp .
a mountain hiker is wearing a backpack .
a person is standing in front of a large stone building .
a woman in a green dress is standing in the street .
a person is carrying a backpack .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at her lap .
a man in a black shirt is taking a picture .
two friends performing on stage .
a group of people are performing music .
a singer is playing with a microphone in the background .
a singer is kneeling in front of a microphone .
soldiers standing in formation .
a man is repairing a bicycle on a bicycle .
a group of dogs are playing with their dogs .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog leaps through the air .
a dog runs through a field .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
a dog runs through the snow .
two men waiting outside of a building .
a person is sitting on a boat .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two soldiers wearing hats .
two women are walking down the street .
two friends are walking down the street .
two women walk down a street .
two women are walking down a busy street .
a busy city street .
a baseball player in a blue jersey is playing a baseball game .
an old man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is carrying a bag .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
people are cheering on a baseball field .
a man is sitting on a bike .
a bicyclist is standing next to a bicycle .
a man doing tricks on a bicycle .
a man is painting a wall .
a man is painting a room .
a group of people in a building .
a shirtless man paints the ceiling .
a woman washing dishes .
a group of people relaxing in a park .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people gather around a bar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a large group of people are playing outside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in an orange coat is walking down the street .
a young girl wearing a pink dress is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman in a red coat is walking down the street .
a child in a red coat is walking down the street .
a little girl in a red coat is standing in a doorway .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a store .
a man is playing a guitar .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child is standing in front of a building .
a little girl is sitting on a stool in front of a vending machine .
a child is taking a picture .
a group of people are eating .
a man in a blue coat is shoveling snow .
a man and a woman standing in a kitchen .
a man is eating a meal .
a man drinking wine .
a man is eating food .
a man is eating a drink .
a man is drinking beer .
a young girl is holding a baby .
a young girl is holding something in her hands .
a group of people walking down the street .
a person walking down a city street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a black man and a woman at a festival .
a girl is walking around a festival .
a man with a blue motorbike is standing on a track .
a boy in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing next to a brick building .
a boy with his eyes closed .
a boy with his eyes closed and his eyes closed .
a boy leans on a wall .
a group of people are standing on a pier .
a child is looking at something .
two children eating food .
two young adults stand on an atv .
a man is pulling a net in the water .
two boys are walking near a wall .
a group of people are spraying water out of water .
a black and white dog is drinking water from the water .
two women , one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are getting ready to swim .
a group of people are hanging from a building .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a man in a jacket is listening to headphones .
a group of people wearing jackets are standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt stand on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a parking lot .
a man in a white uniform is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a man holding his hands in his hands .
a man in a suit stands with his hands behind his back .
a man in a suit is standing on the sidewalk .
a man with his hands behind his back .
a man with a brown suit is posing with his hands .
a man on a sunny day in the sun .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a brown suit is standing with his hands behind his head .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a brown suit is sitting on a bench .
two men are standing outside of a building .
two men are doing martial arts .
a group of men are playing soccer .
four men are playing in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is using a drink .
a person jumping off of a rock .
two men playing a game of basketball .
a gymnast is doing a handstand on the ground .
two girls are riding a bike .
a gymnast is performing a handstand on a balance beam .
a boy and a girl ride their bikes .
two children are riding down a street with trees in the background .
two young children are riding a bicycle .
a group of children riding bicycles .
two children are playing in the snow .
there is a beautiful view of the ocean .
two guys are on the beach on a beach .
a group of people in bathing suits are looking into the distance .
two small girls ride a large bicycle .
a bride and groom posing for a picture .
a group of people wearing colorful clothing are standing on a street .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a bride and groom posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
tourists on a bus .
a group of people playing music .
a group of young musicians play in a park .
a performer performing a trick on stage .
a group of people are gathered around a concert .
kids on a swing .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a man in a white shirt is trying to make money from a machine .
a group of people waiting for a marathon .
a man in a blue shirt is using a sewing machine .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a machine .
a crowd of people are standing in front of buildings .
a man in a mask is wearing a mask .
a group of people running around a track .
a woman is looking at a tea pot .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a man in a white shirt is looking down .
a man in a mask is holding a mask .
a clown is holding a red ribbon .
a man and a boy are pushing a cart .
a man and a woman are sitting in a cart .
two people in a small race .
men working in front of a street .
a man in a blue shirt is turning a corner .
a young man pushes a cart full of food .
a young man working in a warehouse .
two men in a city street .
construction workers on the street .
a group of firefighters in orange vests and hard hats are working on a project .
people gathered around a bus .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in an orange shirt is holding an object .
an old man looking at something .
a group of children playing in a field .
a group of people in a tree .
children are sitting in a tree .
children in a tree .
children are sitting in a tree .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a dog stands on grass .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a brown and white dog jumping in the air in the air .
a dog playing with a ball .
a brown dog is playing with a toy .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman standing at the entrance of a building .
people waiting for a train .
a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
people working in the woods .
a group of people sitting on a boat .
a girl in a pink dress is standing in front of a crowd .
two children are holding sticks .
a man and a woman are holding hands and smiling .
a group of kids watch as a crowd watches .
two children in a crowd with a stick in the background .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a young boy in a pile of leaves .
a boy in a coat is sitting on a bench .
a boy plays in the leaves .
a child is playing in the snow .
a group of people riding bikes .
a child in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
two people are riding on an escalator .
a man and a woman are laughing .
two people on an escalator .
two people are looking at each other .
a couple riding an escalator .
a group of dogs are standing in a field .
kids playing in a building .
a group of people in a room .
a group of children playing in a living room .
a young girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping over a tube bed .
an asian man holds a bunch of bags on a busy street .
a young girl in a red shirt is standing on a slide .
a girl in a yellow shirt slides down a slide .
a child is sliding down a slide .
a young girl is swinging on a playground .
a young girl is playing with a hula hoop .
people are standing in front of a bus .
a man in a black shirt is standing in the street .
a man is sitting on the floor in front of a group of people .
a motorcyclist is sitting on a motorcycle .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a man is holding his head in his hands .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man standing in front of a bus .
a group of people are riding a bus .
a man is working on the ground .
a man and a woman are walking down a road .
a group of people are shopping at a store .
a group of people in a store .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a camera .
a man and a woman walk along a sidewalk .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
an elderly man and a woman walk down the sidewalk .
a young man and a woman walk along a sidewalk with graffiti on them .
two young people walk down a sidewalk with one another .
a man and a woman walk down a sidewalk .
a group of people walk down a sidewalk .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two women sitting in a chair .
a worker wearing a black jacket and hard hat is standing in front of a construction site .
a woman selling food .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is holding a musical instrument .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a band performs on stage .
a man is shoveling snow in a snowy area .
a group of men riding motorcycles down a street .
a man in a coat shoveling snow .
a group of people are watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man is shoveling snow .
a group of children singing and dancing .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is looking at a clown .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in the woods .
a man dressed in a white shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a young boy in a blue shirt slides down a rail .
a young boy is standing next to a ladder .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
three bike riders are riding on a dirt road .
a cyclist rides his bike .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man is jumping rope .
a man jumps rope .
a man in a blue shirt is jogging down a street .
a man is jumping rope .
a man is jumping rope .
a man in a hard hat is jumping rope .
a group of people are shopping at an outdoor food market .
a man jumps rope in a gym .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a young boy in a blue shirt and jeans is kneeling on a skateboard .
a young boy is sitting on the floor .
a toddler is blowing bubbles in a living room .
a baby is vacuuming the floor in the kitchen .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play on the ground .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a biker in a red jacket is cycling down the street .
a man riding his bike in the woods .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a man is holding a ladder .
a man is hanging upside down on a concrete wall .
a small bride and groom are standing near a river .
a man working on a pipe .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three people are eating food .
three people talking at a party .
a man laughing and laughing .
a group of people are enjoying a meal .
three people smiling and eating .
three people enjoying a meal .
a group of people are eating food .
three people are eating food .
a child stands in front of a crowd of people .
a person standing in the middle of a street .
a child is standing in the street .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a swing .
a child stands in the street .
a couple posing for a picture .
a small child in a blue shirt is holding a small child .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
a man is riding a bike .
a firefighter is standing outside of a building .
a man is riding a bicycle in the street .
two men wearing hard hats and hard hats are wearing hard hats .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a black shirt is riding a bicycle .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man and a young girl are holding a drill in a kitchen .
a little girl in a pink shirt is cutting a vacuum .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a vacuum cleaner .
a little girl and an older man are holding something .
a little girl is holding a vacuum cleaner .
a little girl is smiling .
a group of people are working together .
men standing near a billboard .
a worker repairing a train .
a man in overalls is working on a rooftop .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in blue jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in jeans and a t shirt is holding a plate of food .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a building .
a person is standing next to a group of people .
several people standing on a dirt road .
a person selling wares on a dirt road .
a person in a green shirt is standing on a dirt road .
a man is standing with a group of people on the road .
a black woman in a black shirt is holding some bags .
a woman is talking to a group of people .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a bunch of watermelons .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt riding a bike .
a male bmx rider doing a trick at an old factory .
a man practicing martial arts .
a man and a small child are sitting on a couch .
a man playing a guitar at the beach .
people walking down a street .
a little girl is sitting on a bed .
a man in an orange hard hat is standing in front of a building .
a man is playing volleyball on a beach .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting inside a building .
a man working on a construction site .
a group of people walking down the street .
a bird is on rocks .
two men are playing football .
a man and a woman are standing in a building .
a woman is playing a slot machine .
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
two people are talking to each other .
a man and woman are sitting on a couch .
a group of people talking in a room .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing with a toy .
a child wearing a hat and a hat .
a young child stands on top of a circle .
a child stands on concrete steps .
a man is working on a concrete structure .
a child wearing a colorful dress is standing outside of a building .
a child in a colorful outfit is standing in a crowd .
a child standing on the pavement .
a child is standing outside of a building .
a child standing outside of a building .
a child is playing in the street .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a stool .
a person is standing in front of a window .
a man is riding his bike .
a man working on scaffolding .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is shooting a basketball .
a baseball player shooting the ball .
a basketball player in a white shirt is attempting to throw the ball in the hoop .
a basketball player jumps off the court .
a man is skateboarding in a park .
a boy slides down a ramp .
a woman in a red shirt is playing a game .
a child is skateboarding .
a bearded man with a beard is looking down .
a woman walks past a man in a white shirt .
a man in a booth selling candles .
a group of people at a marketplace .
a man selling candles at his food stand .
a man with long hair and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man playing the trumpet .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a girl in a purple shirt is running by a girl in pink .
bicyclists ride past a town square .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in a park .
a man standing on his arm holding a water bottle .
a man in rollerblades is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a woman is using a microscope .
a man is looking through a microscope .
a woman looking at something .
a woman looking through a microscope .
a scientist uses a microscope .
a woman is using a microscope .
a woman in a brown shirt is looking through a microscope .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman looking through a microscope .
a woman is looking at something .
a woman is looking at something in the distance .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman is looking at a microscope .
a woman is taking a picture of a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope in a laboratory .
a woman is looking at a microscope .
a woman looking at something .
a group of construction workers on the side of a road .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
a bartender is making a drink .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a chair .
a lady pouring into a glass bowl .
a child in a red shirt is holding a snowball .
a young girl in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a bartender poses for a picture .
a young boy is pushing a wagon .
two dogs running on sand .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a skateboarder in a skate park .
a man is sitting on a table with a box .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people wearing sunglasses .
spectators watching an event .
people are watching an event .
two adults and a child sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people waiting for a concert .
a woman with blond hair is sitting in a chair .
a man talking on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a group of people are watching a match .
two sumo wrestlers competing in front of two sumo wrestlers .
a man in a green uniform and a man in a green uniform are watching a soccer match .
a group of people are fighting .
a man in a yellow shirt is sitting in a living room .
a woman is watching a dog jump .
a man is jumping in his home .
a man in yellow and green is jumping off the ground .
a woman is running past a graffiti covered wall .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in a yellow shirt .
people having a conversation .
a woman with long brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are fishing .
a man stands in front of a wooden structure .
two girls are drinking beer .
a man and a woman are having fun .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a guy sitting on a bench .
a group of girls in a shop .
a small group of women at a grocery store .
a group of girls sitting in a room .
two women are writing on a piece of paper .
a clown wearing a microphone .
a group of people on motorcycles .
two people are performing on stage .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a street performer poses on stage .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
two young boys are dancing together .
two men are performing on stage .
two men wearing black shirts are on stage .
two men are performing on a stage .
two men in black shirts are doing a handstand .
two men doing tricks on a skateboard .
two men are balancing on one another .
a group of men are dancing .
two men are cutting metal .
a girl in a blue bathing suit is sitting in water .
a man breakdancing for a crowd .
a group of people are dancing .
a man is breakdancing on a stage .
a man is breakdancing on a stage .
a man is breakdancing on a stage .
a woman with a brown dog is holding a dog .
a man is painting bricks on a ladder .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is holding a ladder on a ladder .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is standing on a ladder .
a little boy is playing in the snow .
a tennis player prepares to hit a tennis ball .
a man juggling three lines of fire .
a woman is holding a metal object .
a boy is playing with a train set .
a child wearing glasses and a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working in a construction site .
a man in a black shirt juggling some sort of fire .
a construction worker on the side of a road .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
an old man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man sitting on a chair looking into the street .
a young woman practicing martial arts .
a woman is doing a handstand on the beach .
a lady practicing martial arts .
a brunette man in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman practicing martial arts .
a woman is kneeling in the snow next to a small brown dog .
a man reading a newspaper on a train .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man taking a picture of a dog .
a man is standing next to a dog with his dog .
a man poses with his dog .
a dog is climbing over a tree .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a vendor in a red shirt is serving food .
a man is looking at the camera while sitting in a highchair .
a person is standing in front of a clothesline .
a little girl in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a brick wall .
two people riding on a truck .
two people are riding in a vehicle .
a group of people are hanging out on a lift .
a couple in the back of a truck .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the bed of a truck .
a girl is playing in the water .
two men are picking trash in a field .
a group of people are sitting on a motorcycle .
two men work on a truck .
two men are working on a truck .
two men standing in front of a sign .
construction workers are standing around .
a man in a white shirt is riding a truck .
a man in a hard hat is working on a roof .
three men are having a conversation .
a man is standing next to a vehicle .
a police officer and a police officer are walking down the street .
a group of men in black jackets and a woman in a black uniform are riding a tricycle .
a group of people in a race .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white uniform ,
a man is smiling and smiling .
three men are standing outside of a wheelbarrow .
a man and a woman are using a wheelbarrow .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a man in a blue shirt .
several people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man dances with a little girl .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man in a stadium in a stadium .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a truck .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of people are walking through a home .
a driver looks out the road .
a man looking at something .
a truck driver poses for a picture .
a child is playing soccer .
a young girl kicking a soccer ball .
a little girl kicking a soccer ball .
a girl is playing with a ball .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a man wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap is wearing a baseball cap .
a child climbing a rock wall .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder is skateboarding .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a person on a ramp .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
two dogs running in a forest .
two dogs are running on the road .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in a park .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a little boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man is fixing a bike .
a young boy walks down the street .
a toddler is standing in front of a christmas tree .
a little girl sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl in a pink dress is holding her tongue out .
a little girl in a blue dress sitting on a wooden bench .
a little girl with her tongue sticking out to her mouth .
two children play in the snow .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy is running in a race .
a boy sits on a rock overlooking the mountains .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young boy is looking at something .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is riding a bike .
a person is standing next to a car .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men are riding bikes .
four men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a man in a blue hat is riding a bike .
a ballerina dancing in front of a christmas tree .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in a home .
a couple looking at artwork .
a group of children working on a construction project .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman and two children are standing by a window .
two women are looking out the window of a window .
three people in a building .
three construction workers are watching a construction site .
a boy and two women looking out the window of a window .
a group of people looking out the window of a window .
a child with face paint paint .
a black and white dog with its mouth open .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing by a police van .
a group of women are standing in front of a group of people .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women are standing in front of a table .
two women standing in front of a crowd .
two young girls pose for a picture .
a dog is chewing on something .
students sitting at a table in a classroom .
a family is playing in the water .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are getting married .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a woman is working with flowers .
two young girls are making dough in a kitchen .
the brown dog is on the carpet .
a man in a white shirt is fighting a woman in a white shirt .
a man with long brown hair showing his face .
two police officers on a golf cart .
two police officers playing golf .
two police officers are riding in a vehicle .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a boy in a sweater is holding a wooden pole .
a man and a woman in a golf cart .
a basketball team is playing basketball .
a young girl smiles .
a car is in the air .
a man jumping in the air .
two boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are smiling .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman in a skirt is holding a piece of pottery .
a toddler is wearing an orange shirt .
a group of people are standing on a snowy mountain .
a woman in a white shirt holding a patient .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a young woman in a green dress in a field .
a woman in a green dress is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a doctor .
two men having a conversation .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a fishing pipe .
a man is holding a pipe .
a man is holding an object .
a man in a hard hat is welding a pipe .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a fishing net .
a man in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a firefighter standing in front of a fire .
a fireman prepares to throw a fire .
a man is holding a water hose .
a firefighter wearing a red uniform with his right arm .
a fireman holding a hose .
an old man is holding a hose .
people waiting in line .
a fireman holding a hose .
a small child sits on a man 's lap in front of a truck .
two older men stand in front of an old building .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a girl in a colorful dress is smiling .
a small child is praying .
a child is praying with a candle .
a small child is praying at a desk .
a group of soldiers wearing blue and blue uniforms .
people standing on a cruise ship .
a busy city street .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
men posing for a picture on a ship .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two dogs run through tall grass .
two dogs run through grass .
a brown and white dog is running through grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of men are standing outside of a building .
two men are walking on a city street .
three men are walking down the street .
three men are standing outside of a building .
three men are standing in the street .
a group of people are eating food .
a group of people are looking at something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three men are holding hands and running .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a rock .
three friends running on a track .
three men are competing in a race .
a child is running in a race .
a man is sitting on the ground in front of a home .
a woman wearing a scarf is holding a tray .
a woman weaving a piece of fabric .
a person working on an art sculpture .
a woman in a white shirt is making something .
a boy and two women sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two basketball players on a court .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing in line .
people gathered on a crowded street at night .
two men in a store buying beer .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are sitting on a river in a canoe .
a woman in a pink shirt is painting a picture .
a man is riding a bike on the beach .
an older man is hugging a young girl .
a woman helping a little girl how to make a picture .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on a rock .
three speed skaters racing down ice rink .
a person is swimming in the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man rock climbing .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a climber is climbing a wall .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman jumps into a swimming pool .
a man in a blue shirt is working on something .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a large crowd of young people sitting in the grass .
a group of young people in a field .
several people sit on blankets in the grass .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a chef in a white shirt is playing a game .
a group of people are holding hands .
a yellow van drives down the street .
a man is fishing .
a man is performing a handstand on a stage .
a musician playing the violin .
a man playing a guitar in front of a wall .
a man is playing a guitar .
a person in a white shirt is looking down .
a man playing a musical instrument .
a group of men standing around a table .
two men eating a meal .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in a field .
a group of people stand on a street .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of children jump up in the air .
an elderly gentleman hugging a woman on a sofa .
two people are hugging each other .
people hugging on a couch .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man is hugging a woman on a couch .
a woman hanging upside down .
two men are serving food and drinks .
a group of people looking at a house .
a dog is playing with a ball in the grass .
a person doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a man is laughing .
a woman is laughing .
a woman laughing .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is wearing sunglasses .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a black dog runs through the grass .
men standing outside of a building .
a dog walks over a ramp .
a dog walks on a ladder .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is running .
a soccer player kicks the ball .
a football player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a soccer player kicks the ball .
a soccer player kicks the ball .
a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
soccer players playing soccer .
a group of people sitting on steps .
people sitting in front of a fountain .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people sitting next to a pool .
a rugby player kicks the ball .
people waiting for a train .
a man preparing meat in a kitchen .
four people are sitting in a room .
a dog jumps in the air .
a woman is running a marathon .
a girl is walking down the street .
three people taking a picture .
people shopping at a market .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing instruments on the beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is eating food .
a woman is laying down on a bench .
two people are sitting on a couch .
two girls are smiling and smiling .
a group of people are standing in a parking lot .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt cutting a meal .
a lady is sitting on a bench at a farmers restaurant .
a man in a black shirt is taking a picture .
a black girl in a yellow dress is playing with a hula hoop .
people standing in a parking lot .
a little girl is sitting on the grass .
a group of people smiling and smiling .
a group of people standing in front of a car .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a little boy is walking down a railroad track with a stick in his hand .
a boy is walking down the street .
a young girl in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a little boy in a red jacket plays with a stick on a railroad track .
a boy walks down the railroad tracks .
a guy skateboarding on a ramp .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
a little boy is walking on the railroad tracks .
a child is running on a train track .
two guys throwing a frisbee .
a parade in a parade .
people taking pictures .
a man pulling a trailer in a trailer .
a woman in a parade in a parade .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a woman dancing in a parade .
a woman is walking down the street .
a little girl is walking down the street .
a blond girl in a bikini is walking down a street .
a blond girl walks down the street .
a little girl in a bathing suit is looking at the camera .
a girl in a bikini walks down the street .
a group of runners are participating in a race .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in a parade .
a man is posing for a picture .
a woman in a costume is walking down the street .
a woman dressed in a costume is dancing .
a woman in a green dress is standing in a parade .
a man in front of a laptop .
a group of people working in a room .
a group of people working in a kitchen .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
construction workers working on a project .
a person is running down the street .
a nurse is in a hospital .
a group of people sitting on a bus .
two firemen are fighting together .
two men , one wearing a blue uniform and the other wearing a blue uniform , are standing in a field .
four workers wearing orange vests and hard hats .
two women are walking down the street .
a man is riding a train .
a man sitting on steps .
a group of people having a conversation outside .
a man is pointing at something .
a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a man is making a piece of pottery .
a man in a blue wig and a hawaiian t shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are sitting at a sporting event , one has a camera and the other in the foreground .
a group of people at a sporting event .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a football .
a crowd gathers for a crowd .
a group of people are sitting around a large tent .
a group of people are watching a ceremony .
a man is watching a soccer game .
a man laughing .
a man wearing glasses and a t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of firemen gathered around a table .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
five men standing by a truck .
a nurse is being helped by a patient on a patient .
a young child is swimming in a pool .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a teenager is riding a mountain bike .
a man in a white shirt is carving a pot .
a scientist looking at a microphone .
a lab worker looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is racing on a track .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a young man rides his bike in the woods .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
people fishing in the ocean .
a man is performing a trick on a bike .
a building in front of a building .
a bicyclist does a high jump in midair .
a young man doing tricks on his bike .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in the middle of the street .
a young man doing tricks on a bike .
a group of performers are performing on a stage .
a man with a sign on her head .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people performing on stage .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
people standing on rocks near a river .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a boy in a red shirt and an older woman in a red shirt are sitting on a stone bench next to a lake .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman and two children are standing next to a cow statue .
a group of people posing for a picture .
three people are looking at a structure .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person in a park is standing in a park .
a woman is standing next to a statue .
a family is eating .
two people sleeping on a couch .
a couple is sleeping on a bench .
a woman wearing a denim jacket is sleeping .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people are sitting around a table with bowls in the background .
a group of people in a circle in a circle .
two people sleeping on a bench .
two people smile and smile .
a group of adults posing for a picture .
a man and a girl are drawing on a balloon .
two children posing for a picture .
two people smile at a camera .
a man is cutting wood while another man watches .
a group of people sitting on grass .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
an old man and two boys are washing wood .
three men are working with wood .
a person walking down the street .
a man is jumping off a rocky ledge into the water .
a girl is jumping into a river .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are watching a man in a blue shirt .
a person is swimming in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to hit a little girl .
a boy jumps off a blue slide .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a person jumping on a trampoline .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a group of people in jackets are standing in the snow .
a snowboarder snowboarding .
a man doing a trick on a snowboard .
two snowboarders in the air .
a person in a black jacket is standing on a snowboard .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping over a railing .
a man and a woman walk with a young baby .
a black dog is running through the water .
a bald man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a woman holding a baby .
a man watching a woman watching a woman .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a construction worker stands by a large truck .
a baby playing in the water .
a man and a woman are in a classroom .
a dog walks in the snow .
a female singer performing on stage .
a father and a child are playing in the sand .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a woman looking at a painting .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a woman in a white shirt plays a piano .
a man is sitting on a bike .
a man is standing on a busy street .
a biker is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man in a construction uniform stands next to a truck .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is playing at a playground .
a woman and a child are walking down the street .
a mother is playing with her child .
a baby stands in front of a group of people .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a boy playing on a playground .
a soccer team celebrating a victory .
a group of football players celebrating .
a group of teenagers having fun .
a man in a blue uniform is playing a game of basketball .
a young girl eating food .
a hiker is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a group of teenagers are playing soccer .
a person is holding something .
two children are playing on a playground .
a crowd of people are standing on the street .
two men are jumping over water .
three people are standing outside a building .
a group of people are going down a hill .
three people are standing in front of a building .
a woman is talking on a cellphone while sitting on a bench .
a person rides a motorcycle on the street .
a woman is running down the street .
a woman is talking to someone .
a woman on a cellphone is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a scuba diver in a swimming pool .
a group of children with balloons on their heads .
an asian person standing outside of a building .
a woman sitting in a chair .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding his bike .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room with other people in the background .
a man jumps over a hurdle .
a man is jumping over a hurdle .
a man in green and red is jumping over hurdles .
a person jumping over a hurdle .
a runner jumps over a hurdle .
an asian man is looking at a camera .
two women prepare food .
a man is playing with a fire hydrant .
a woman is sleeping on a man 's shoulders .
two women are working on dinner .
two women are preparing dinner .
a lady is sitting on a bench with two women .
students in a lecture hall .
a group of people are sitting at a conference .
a man with gray hair is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a black dress is dancing .
children waiting for a train .
three children are standing near a train tracks .
three children watch a train .
children waiting at a train station .
a boy in a yellow coat is standing in front of a building .
a child eating ice cream .
a child eats chocolate cake .
a young girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a young girl is eating a popsicle .
a young child in a blue shirt holding a cellphone .
a mountain biker in the woods .
a woman is riding a bike .
a small girl is fixing a piece of wood .
a woman is working on a piece of paper .
a woman in a white shirt is using a shelf .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a man with his laptop in his lap .
a man with a backpack is standing next to his bike .
a man is giving a speech .
a man reading a book outside .
a man reading a book .
two women walking in the rain .
a boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a toy .
two women walking in the rain .
two women are walking in the rain .
people are walking in the rain .
two people are running across the street in the rain .
a bicyclist rides down the road .
two children are holding a crying baby .
a group of people are making a funny face .
a young man looking at a laptop .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a boy is sitting at a picnic table at a picnic table .
a dog is running through the water .
two girls ice skating .
a group of adults are playing soccer .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
a man surfing on the ocean .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides through the ocean .
a woman looking at something .
a man surfing in the ocean .
people at a sporting event .
a group of people competing in a race .
a baseball player in a white uniform is attempting to throw the ball .
a person in a white shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a baseball player trying to catch a baseball .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a couple is hugging .
a dog in the snow .
a dog runs on the beach .
a little boy is hugging a young girl .
a brown dog wrapped in its mouth .
a man and a woman are hugging each other .
a group of people are sitting on a patient .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a poster .
a doctor getting ready to work .
a man in a white shirt works in a room .
a surgeon is being pulled by a man in a white shirt .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt holding a brush .
a person is standing next to a body of water .
a man is fishing .
a man fishing .
a man in a winter jacket is fishing .
a person fishing .
a man in a hard hat is drilling a hole .
a woman is reading a magazine at a subway station .
a man is carrying a piece of wood .
men working on a tree branch .
a man in a hard hat holding a branch .
a woman hits a tennis ball .
a woman playing tennis .
children playing with balloons .
a woman playing tennis .
two children on grass .
a woman in a white shirt is on a basketball court .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a female swimmer in a swimming pool .
a young boy is looking at a young boy .
a man working on a ladder .
a group of girls in sports uniforms prepare for a game .
a blond woman is sitting on a stool on a stool .
a man is pulling a cart on a cart .
a girl rides a red bicycle .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a skier flies through the air in the air .
a skier doing a jump in midair .
a person crosscountry skiing .
a young boy rides a bike .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of people in orange vests are looking at something at an airport .
a group of young girls dressed in costumes are standing on a sidewalk .
two men working on a project .
a girl in a pink shirt and a girl in a pink dress kiss on the cheek .
a girl kisses another girl 's cheek .
two girls kissing each other .
three girls , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
three girls pose for a picture .
three children are playing in the sand .
three girls are sitting on a bench .
two women are sitting on the pavement .
a woman walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two women sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting in front of a building .
two women are sitting in front of a road .
two passengers wait for an airplane .
a group of cyclists are riding bikes .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
a man rides a bicycle in a wooded street .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a young man running down the road .
two dogs play in the snow .
a person rides a bicycle past a crowd of people .
a man is riding his bike down the street .
a man carrying red fabric is carrying red fabric .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
several people are walking down the street .
a man rides his bike through a crowd .
a band plays in a studio .
men playing instruments .
a man and a woman play instruments .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a group of people in front of a cave .
a child is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people at a farm farm .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog runs on the grass .
a group of men sitting on a stone ledge .
a woman and a man on stage .
two men playing a game of basketball .
a woman is standing on stage with a clown and singing into a microphone .
two soccer players are playing in the grass .
two men are playing in the water .
a man sitting with his guitar .
a boy playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a person standing next to a river holding something .
a person is holding a rope .
a person is standing in shallow water .
a man in a white shirt is holding a rope .
a man in a white shirt is looking down .
a woman is holding a rope .
a group of men and women dressed up are dressed up in costumes .
children playing outside on a sunny day .
a woman is walking in front of an advertisement .
a man is kicking another man in a blue shirt .
two guys , one in a red shirt and the other in a white shirt ,
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are playing in the street .
a man is kicking another man 's hand .
a child in a blue shirt and blue shorts is sitting at a fountain .
a crowd of people are gathered in a circle .
a woman holding a sledgehammer in a forest .
a dog runs through the water .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a tan dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
a man and woman dressed in red are dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a woman and a man dancing .
a girl with a red balloon is holding a red balloon .
a child holding a red balloon .
a girl holding a balloon .
a little girl with a red balloon sticking out her tongue .
a man is looking up .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a black tank top is juggling a woman in a blue dress .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is performing on stage .
a man in a black t shirt juggling knives .
two girls are riding horses .
a band plays in a band .
a group of people are cheering .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a woman playing a guitar .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a girl playing the guitar .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman playing with her guitar .
a small orchestra is standing in front of an orchestra .
an orchestra performs for an audience .
a baseball player on a field .
a pitcher is looking at the camera .
a baseball player in a red jersey is holding a ball .
a baseball player prepares to throw the ball .
a man and a girl jumping in the middle of the road .
a group of men sitting at tables .
a woman is standing in a room with her arm outstretched .
a man in a blue shirt is carving a shave .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women playing tennis .
a woman prepares to hit a tennis ball .
a man in glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man working on a piece of machinery .
a man in a green shirt works on a car .
two girls playing tennis .
two dogs stand near water .
a group of men wearing sweaters are sitting in chairs .
two cars racing on a track .
two cars parked on the street .
two race cars are on the side of the road , one is reading a book .
a man in a church in a church .
a race car in front of a crowd of people .
an elderly man in an orange shirt is bending over in the air .
a person is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three people are standing in a cart .
a dog is carrying something in its mouth .
a group of people at a dog show .
a dog is playing with a cloth .
a dog is holding a towel .
a dog on the floor .
people are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are standing in a basket .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a woman is riding a bike .
a person climbing a tower .
two people are standing next to a railing .
a swimmer swims in the pool .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a cricket fan is preparing to hit the ball .
two men are digging in a cave .
people shopping in town .
a soldier is talking into a microphone .
a man is walking under a tunnel .
a soldier gives directions to a man in a military uniform .
a group of men having a conversation .
a group of children wearing life jackets .
children in a raft .
two children are playing in the water .
two children in a raft .
a group of children in a raft .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a person is walking down the street .
a woman in a red jacket is standing in a field .
a group of people are making a conversation .
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a hiker is walking down the street .
a bicyclist in yellow leads a bike in a race .
a group of dogs play in the snow .
a woman is playing piano .
two people are hiking down a mountain .
a person is standing on a platform .
people are sitting next to a sign .
a group of people are knitting .
a person is riding a bike .
people standing around a booth .
a woman standing at a podium .
a crowd of people are gathered around a tent .
a group of people standing next to a booth .
a woman is drinking a drink .
a woman is walking through a crowd .
a woman is walking through a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is working on a project .
a man is walking through a crowd .
three women are walking through a large crowd of people .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a book .
a man in a long sleeved shirt with a black shirt in front of him .
a group of children are playing together .
a black and white dog is asking for food .
two women are knitting .
a white and white dog is running through the snow .
a dog stands on its hind legs .
a dog stands on its hind legs .
a black and white dog is giving a thumbs up .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an old man takes a nap on a park bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man laying on a bench .
a young woman is laying on the ground .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a little boy sitting on the shoulders of a woman in glasses .
a firefighter in a white shirt is standing in front of a fire .
two children are standing in front of a body of water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing outside of a building .
a fireman is walking by a bus with a truck .
a truck on the road .
a man is laying down on a bench .
a boy in a white shirt lays on a large rock .
a young boy is walking down the street .
a boy laying down on a bed .
a boy is laying down on the ground .
a woman is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
two little girls with long hair .
a bicyclist rides through a busy city street .
a person in a red shirt rides a bike towards a crowd .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is biking down the street .
two people kiss on a balcony .
an asian couple is walking on the sidewalk .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a group of people are walking in a parade .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a group of young girls in a room .
a man in a parade in a parade .
a man and a woman are walking in a parking lot .
an asian man and woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman walk past a green car .
a group of people are playing jump rope .
two people are standing on the street talking .
a couple kissing .
a group of people are playing in the dirt .
a group of children playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is cutting a knife .
a chef is cooking a meal .
a person is cutting up vegetables .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a man is standing next to a car .
a man in a pool is smoking a cigarette .
two men are walking down the street .
two women in bikinis are playing volleyball in the olympics .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a group of soccer players competing in the london olympics .
a female volleyball player is playing volleyball .
two teams playing soccer .
a baseball player swings at the ball .
a car on fire .
two men cleaning up the sidewalk .
a man is cooking food at a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is holding a spatula .
a man is trying to catch a pancake .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is flipping a pancake .
a man in a white shirt is doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a man is preparing food in a kitchen .
a man is helping a man how to use a man 's face .
an older man in a wheelchair with a young man in a wheelchair .
a woman is waiting in a subway .
a man in a library reading a book .
a man in a library .
a crowd of people are sitting in a restaurant .
a young girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a man is vacuuming the floor with his daughter .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a person looking out of a window .
a woman and two boys are sitting at a podium .
a dog runs in a field .
a man in a black shirt is working on his car .
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
people riding over a bridge .
two girls are playing in a classroom .
a man is walking over a bench .
a man sitting on a bench with a woman behind him .
a woman is pushing a shopping cart .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two girls are talking to each other .
a person in a white shirt is holding a sword .
a man with a hat is sitting on a wall .
a black and white dog is playing in a grassy field .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a truck drives down the road .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a construction worker is working on a rail .
a man working on a project .
a man is working on a roof .
a man in a hat is sitting in a chair .
a man working on a train track .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a man working on scaffolding .
a woman in a tank top is sitting on a couch .
an elderly woman holding a small baby .
two dogs pose with their dogs .
a group of people are walking in a field .
a large group of dogs in a field .
a group of people in a field with their dogs .
two dogs in a fenced area .
a group of people are gathering with their dogs .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
six dogs running in the grass .
four dogs are walking on a path .
two dogs are walking through a park .
four dogs on leashes .
a person is taking a picture of someone .
a group of people are riding bicycles .
a group of men riding bicycles .
a group of people in blue robes are on a bicycle .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a yellow shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting on a couch .
two men are walking down the street .
a brown dog is standing next to a horse .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women walk down a sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a woman in a white shirt .
a person driving a dirt track .
a man is driving a dirt track on a dirt track .
two couples are sitting on concrete stairs .
two men sitting on concrete steps .
a group of young adults relax on the steps of a building .
four people sitting on steps .
a group of people are sitting under tables .
a group of people sitting on stairs .
two people sit in a yard .
a man is doing a trick on his bike .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of men playing instruments .
a blond woman is playing a guitar .
a band is performing at a concert .
a group of men are performing on stage .
a string band performs on stage .
a young boy is standing in front of a plate .
a man and a woman are making dough in a kitchen .
a dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a white dog jumps through a grassy field .
a dog jumps near plants .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man wearing glasses works on a statue .
a black and white dog is jumping into the air .
a group of people riding bikes .
two men riding bikes on a track .
two men are riding bikes down the street .
a group of people are riding bikes on a street .
a man is standing next to a pile of machinery .
two men are competing in a race .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a man is standing in front of vegetables .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a little girl is sitting on a snowball .
a man digging in a garden .
a group of young men are walking down the street .
a woman carrying a shopping bag .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is running in a field .
a street performer performs on a street .
a person in a black shirt is riding a bicycle in the woods .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a little girl in a dress running in a forest .
a little girl in a pink shirt is jumping in the air .
a rock climber is rock climbing .
a brown and white dog standing next to a dog .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a young boy is climbing a tube .
a dog is jumping in the air .
two people are standing in the snow .
a man walking on a bulldozer in front of a sign .
a man and a woman are in the snow .
a group of people in the snow .
a man is kneeling on a bench .
a skier is helping another skier .
two horses in a race .
greyhounds racing in a race .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs running in a field .
a dog is racing around a corner .
two people having a conversation .
two older men are talking on a cellphone .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man in a red sweater is sitting in a chair .
an audience watching an event .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people at an event .
a crowd of people at an event .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are standing in a circle .
a group of people are singing and playing instruments .
two women are walking down the street .
two children are putting food in their mouths .
a man in a blue shirt holding a fishing pole .
a group of dogs in a field .
two dogs are pulling a sled on a sled .
an elderly bearded bearded man holds up a piece of fruit in his hand .
two dogs are pulling a sled in the snow .
two dogs are pulling a sled sled .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs in a forest .
two dogs running in the snow .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a football player kicking the ball .
a group of people looking at something .
two women looking at a camera .
a couple looking in a hallway .
two young ladies looking at pictures .
two women are standing next to each other .
two young ladies having a conversation .
two young ladies looking at pictures .
people looking at the camera .
people walking on grass .
a man in a cap is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is helping another man .
a man working on a building .
a man is holding up a ladder .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man working on a construction site .
three people working in a messy room .
a baby is sleeping .
a group of people working on a scaffolding .
a mother holds her child .
three people are working together .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in a public place .
a woman is standing next to a sink .
a woman standing outside of a cafe .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a booth .
a woman in black stands next to a woman in a black jacket .
a woman holding a little girl .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a teenager is skateboarding in the park .
a guy skateboarding on a ramp .
two young boys are playing in the woods .
a man in sunglasses stands next to a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is riding a skateboard down the street .
a group of people are rollerskating in a skate park .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a young boy skating on pavement .
a young man skating in a skate park .
a man wearing sunglasses is riding a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding on a skateboard .
a group of people are standing near a wall .
a basketball team prepares to score .
two people looking at the ocean .
a man jumping in the air .
a man looking through a microscope .
a man working at a lab .
a man in glasses sings into a microscope .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a microscope .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a microscope .
a bald man in a blue shirt looking at a microscope in a laboratory .
a father kissing his baby .
a goalie in a blue jersey is playing hockey .
a baby crying .
a lady carrying shopping bags .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking down the sidewalk carrying a bag .
a woman in a black coat walking with two bags .
a baby is holding a baby .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman enjoying a drink .
two men are sitting on the beach at the beach .
a lady is sitting at a table drinking coffee .
a man is holding a little boy .
a woman in a white shirt is drinking wine at a table .
a man drinking a drink .
a group of people are having drinks .
a group of people at the beach .
a boy is sitting on a football field .
a child is sitting on a park bench .
a boy is sitting on a soccer ball .
a child in a blue shirt is cheering .
a car parked in a car .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
two men are talking to a homeless man .
a group of people are gathered near a wall .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man with his son on his shoulders .
a volleyball player in a red and white uniform is playing volleyball .
a volleyball player hits the volleyball .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is looking at a cow .
a group of people are eating in a kitchen .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people having fun .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a family having a good time .
a group of people are watching a large bubble .
a group of people in the back of a building .
two men looking at something .
a person walks past a white building .
a baby is laughing .
a woman walking in front of a white building with palm trees in the background .
a large group of people are posing for a picture .
a group of men in front of a group of men .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a boy wearing goggles smiles .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a white sweater smiles .
a girl smiles as she smiles .
a child wearing a yellow shirt and blue goggles is jumping in the air .
a little girl is riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture .
a boy puts his hands over his face .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man rides a bicycle down a road .
a man riding a bike in the woods .
a man is reading a book .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
four men hanging out of a building .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
asian people eating food .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog runs through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a person is riding a bike .
a dog runs through the snow .
a family walks next to a wall .
a person washing dishes in a kitchen .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
a man sits next to a body of water .
an elderly woman is preparing food in a kitchen .
a little girl is standing next to a teacher .
a man in a blue shirt is mixing something .
people working on a project .
a child working on a project .
a man and a woman play a game .
a group of people are fishing .
a woman is preparing food .
a man in a white shirt is running on a basketball court .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a broom .
an older man in a white shirt is cooking something .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a couple of tourists .
two women are looking through a telescope on the ground .
a young boy eating at a blue table .
a woman dressed in a costume is dancing .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a ballerina is performing on stage .
a man is dancing on a stage .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a dancer is dancing in the grass .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of children are gathered around a ramp .
a woman is reading a paper on a stage .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a young boy .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing a game of war .
a boy is kicking a blue soccer ball .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a young boy is running in a field .
a group of people are paddling down a muddy river .
a group of people sitting on a boat .
a group of people are sailing through the water .
tourists look at a map .
a man poses for a picture in a bathing suit .
people sitting on a boat .
two people in a field in a field .
two men are working on a construction project .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are
a man is jumping in the air .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a woman is holding a broom .
a group of people are standing on top of a street with a crowd watching .
a boy plays in a puddle .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding something .
a man is cleaning wood .
a man in a black shirt is taking a picture .
a man is performing a puppet show .
a man in a bright green shirt and tie is playing a musical instrument .
a woman speaks on the telephone .
a man wearing protective gear is cutting the grass .
a girl with red hair and a red shirt is playing with her hair .
a football player attempts to hit the ball .
a group of people eating dinner .
a group of kids playing ping pong .
two girls in bikinis are playing ping pong in the sand .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a group of men and women are dancing .
a group of people are eating food .
a bearded man with a beard is standing outside of a building .
a group of actors wearing masks and colorful costumes .
a group of people performing on stage .
a group of performers in colorful masks are standing in a crowd .
a group of young children pose for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two children are sitting on bleachers .
a little girl wearing a pink jacket with a pink scarf on her head .
a group of people working outside a building .
a man working on a train .
a group of people are working together .
people shopping at a market .
workers working on railroad tracks .
a woman with a black jacket and a black jacket looking at the camera .
a woman in a leather jacket is watching vegetables .
a woman is looking at vegetables .
a woman in a headscarf looks at vegetables .
a woman in a black leather jacket is standing next to a woman wearing a black jacket .
a motorcyclist looks at the mountains .
a couple is sitting on a bridge .
a hiker is hiking in the mountains .
a man is standing in the desert .
a man is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women are taking a picture .
two women shopping at an outdoor market .
two people shopping at night at night .
two women shopping in a market .
two women are shopping .
two women are walking down the street .
a football player in a red and white uniform is playing football .
two horses running in a field .
two horses running in a field .
two horses are playing in the grass .
two horses play in the grass .
two horses in a field .
a group of people walking down the street .
cheerleaders walking down the street .
four cheerleaders , one dressed in black and the other in black , are competing in
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a group of people walking down the street .
a person is riding a motorcycle across a desert .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle across a desert .
a man in a protective suit is running across a desert .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a person is riding a bicycle in a vehicle .
two children playing on a seesaw .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
two men are preparing food .
a man and a woman are playing music in front of a vehicle .
construction workers working on a project .
students working in a laboratory setting .
a group of people are sitting in chairs .
two men are sitting on a piece of metal equipment .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a man stand in front of a microphone .
four people are playing the drums on a dock .
four people are sitting on a dock in the middle of a dock .
four men are standing on a dock .
four people are standing in front of a dock .
two soccer teams are playing soccer at night .
a lady carrying a bag is carrying a bag .
two men work in a lab .
two men are walking down the sidewalk .
people walking in the street .
two women are walking down the street .
an artist is using an axe .
two men dancing on a sidewalk .
a man in a red shirt is eating in the air .
a fan is eating lunch .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man and a woman dancing in a dance .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a guy is eating a meal .
a man in a blue shirt is working at a desk .
a man and a woman are preparing food in a kitchen .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two soldiers dressed in white and white uniforms .
a woman is giving a speech while another soldier looks on .
five people in a restaurant .
soldiers standing in line in line .
a group of people in a cafeteria .
soldiers are in a building .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a traditional costume is holding a hula hoop .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a costume is standing in front of a crowd .
a person is holding a piece of cloth .
a woman wearing a vest and costume is wearing a mask .
a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans is smiling at the camera .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
people posing for a picture .
a band plays in front of a mirror .
three people are sitting on a bench .
two men in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a man in a white shirt .
two men in robes are standing in front of a group of people .
two men standing in front of a crowd .
two men in white shirts are standing in front of a building .
a person poses for a picture .
a man is speaking into a microphone at a microphone .
a man in a robe is reading a book .
a man in a robe is reading a book .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a piece of paper .
people talking to a crowd .
three men talking to a large group of people .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
three men hold a microphone .
three men are standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is making dishes in a kitchen .
a welder in a white shirt is holding a welding pipe .
a woman is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a hospital kitchen is rolling out of a sheet of dough .
people sitting in a carnival ride .
a group of people at an amusement park .
people on a carnival ride .
a group of people are riding on the ground .
the tourists are enjoying the day .
two men are sitting on furniture .
a family is sitting on a bench .
four children playing monopoly with an older man .
two men in hard hats are working on construction .
two men are helping each other .
two men working with equipment .
two men are working together .
two men are working on a project .
a group of people playing a board game .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are watching a man working with fire .
a little girl is holding a toy .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a young girl in a pink shirt is making a craft .
a man in a white shirt is working with an audience .
a man in a white shirt is cooking something in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is making a glass .
a man is working on a glass screen .
a man in a white shirt is working in a glass .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a pink shirt is holding an ax .
a man in an orange shirt is dancing in front of a microphone .
actors are attending a theater .
two people practicing martial arts .
three people are having a conversation .
a band is getting ready for a performance .
a baby and a baby are holding their newborn baby .
a little boy is petting a dog .
a child holding a small child .
a man and a woman are petting a goat .
a group of girls are cleaning a large house .
a child is petting a dog .
a small child and a dog are standing on the grass .
a man is petting his dog .
a little boy is petting a dog .
a man and a dog in a field .
a man diving into a pool .
two men are playing bagpipes .
young boys playing football .
two puppies are hugging each other .
three people are standing around a table .
a woman is listening to music .
a girl is standing in front of a band .
a band plays in front of an audience .
a woman is playing a guitar while a woman plays the drums .
cheerleaders are performing a routine .
two people talking with each other .
a group of girls sitting in a circle .
two men are walking down the street .
two people are playing the trumpet .
a puppy is holding a stick .
a man in a cap holds onto a sign .
a middle aged street artist drawing on the street .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is drawing a picture of a woman .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
three people are standing outside of a building .
a group of men standing outside of a building .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a grill .
a man in an orange shirt is taking a picture .
a football player in a red jersey is running .
a man in a blue and white uniform is shooting a basketball while a man in a white shirt watches .
a baseball player trying to make a shot .
two men are playing basketball .
a skateboarder grinds his skateboard .
a child is riding a tricycle .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
two women are digging a hole .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is digging a hole in a yard .
a man is standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are running on a dirt road .
a little boy is sitting on a toy .
a child rides a brown horse .
a child sitting on a toy horse .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy riding a horse in the street .
two monks are standing in front of a truck .
four men are walking on pavement .
two men are walking down the street .
four men are walking down the street .
four men are walking down the street .
a man is sitting in a restaurant .
a woman underwater underwater underwater .
a young boy is smiling with a cart in the background .
a little boy in front of a cart .
a young boy is smiling at the camera .
a boy in a red shirt is racing on a track .
a boy is smiling at the camera .
a child waits at a go kart race .
a boy is waiting for a ride on a cart .
a boy is waiting for a ride .
a boy taking a picture of a young boy .
a little boy in a red shirt is standing in front of a wall .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a race race .
a young man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a busy street .
a child stands by a go kart race .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a race car .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a race car .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a cart .
people standing outside of a dirt road .
there are trees in the background .
a group of people are walking through a town .
a dirt road in the desert .
a white girl blowing bubbles .
two men are using wood tools .
a surfer rides a wave .
two people on the side of a road .
a man in black is surfing in the ocean .
a group of people cleaning up the floor .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
a group of people walking down the street .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are praying .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
three men are standing together .
a man praying with another man .
a man in a black shirt leans against a man in a red shirt .
a group of people are doing tricks on a skateboard .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people are gathered together .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
two children are playing with bubbles .
two boys playing with bottles .
two boys playing with plastic bottles .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two children are playing together .
a painter is painting a picture .
a group of african american children playing basketball .
a group of people taking pictures .
two people are eating presents .
a young boy in a blue shirt is spinning a toy .
a woman looking at a bicycle .
swimmers in blue bathing suits swimming .
a little boy in a blue shirt is spinning around a little boy .
an elderly couple having a good time .
an old woman is sitting in front of an old man holding a plate .
an old couple is celebrating together .
a woman kisses another woman on the cheek .
a man shovels dirt into a wheelbarrow .
a man drinking a drink from a cup .
a cup with a cup on it is reading a newspaper .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a cup .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a woman holding a golf club .
a group of people are walking along a road .
two firefighters are working on a farm .
three men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is swinging on a swing .
a woman playing golf in a field .
a man is sitting on a tree bench .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting in a tree .
a man is sitting on a tree stump .
a man is laying on a tree trunk .
a man in a white shirt is working on a truck .
a group of people are kayaking in a river .
four people are kayaking in a river .
two men kayaking in the water .
three people are kayaking in rapids .
two women are competing in a competition .
a group of people are standing near plants .
a man is swimming underwater .
a child swimming underwater .
a person is jumping into the water .
a man in a blue shirt is walking in the water .
an athlete is performing a trick on stage .
a brown and white dog and a white dog are standing on the grass .
an old man pushing a cart full of bags .
a group of girls posing for a picture .
four girls with blond hair pose for a picture .
a group of girls in front of a camera .
four runners are crossing the street with colorful flags in the background .
four runners competing in a race .
runners running in a race .
a group of runners are running on a track .
four runners competing in a race .
a woman in a blue shirt and black pants is smiling and shaking her hands .
four runners are running .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men in a martial arts match .
a dog runs through the field .
two people are sitting by a road .
four boys are playing in a gym .
a dog runs in the snow .
a man is holding a microphone .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a dog in a field .
a group of children are walking down the street .
two children are running through a group of pigeons .
a bird is on rocks .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
here is a picture of this picture .
construction workers working on a building .
a group of children playing on an electronic device .
a man in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk near the road .
a person in a blue shirt is walking through a puddle .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is digging into a bag .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a pink shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a pink shirt is cooking in the kitchen .
a group of people are sitting at a table eating food .
a woman in a park is standing in a park .
a woman sells food to customers .
a man in a black shirt is balancing on a pole .
an old man is eating a notebook .
a man is sitting on a bench eating .
a person in a red shirt is eating a treat .
a man in a black jacket is eating ice cream cone .
a man in a blue shirt is walking with a spoon .
people standing in front of a flag .
two boys are playing a violin .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a back flip .
a young boy rides a toy toy .
a man wearing a hat and scarf is sitting on the lawn .
a man in a blue shirt is praying .
a man wearing an orange scarf is sitting on the grass with his legs crossed and eyes .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting in the grass .
a man is sitting on the grass .
a man in a white shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with his arms over his head while looking at something .
a young girl with curly curly hair is smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a yellow shirt is looking at something .
a child is kayaking in the water .
a man and a woman are working together .
two men playing a musical instrument .
a man in a black shirt is raising her arms .
a group of people working at a construction site .
a woman and two children are standing next to a firetruck .
a mother is reading a book .
children looking out at the street .
two children are listening to each other .
a group of children are learning to put on a truck .
a group of children are sitting on a train .
a group of children are learning how to eat .
a group of children are learning how to eat .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in an alley .
a man is standing next to a building .
an asian woman sitting in a chair with her mouth open .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is sitting on a bench next to her phone .
a young woman is sitting with her luggage .
a lady is sitting on a bench in front of a crowd .
a man sweeping the street .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
a girl looking at the camera .
a man in a vest sweeping a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are standing on a cart .
a man pushing a cart full of boxes .
a group of people standing on top of a snowy hill in the ocean .
a man sweeping the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking in the snow .
a motorcyclist is racing around a track .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a gun .
a group of men wave flags .
an older man is standing in front of him .
a dj playing a keyboard .
a person is standing in the ocean at sunset .
a man in a watch playing a keyboard .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people are dancing outside .
a person in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man walks his dog .
passengers on a bus .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
people on a train .
a woman in a black shirt is scratching her head .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting in a row of chairs .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting in the middle of a subway .
two elderly people are sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman is sitting on a train .
two elderly people are sitting on a train .
two older people are sitting in the middle of a train .
two people sit on a train .
a child in a blue shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
a group of people are playing golf .
a boy is holding a plastic golf club .
a man is standing next to a car .
a black and white dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog carries a toy in its mouth .
a car is being loaded .
a man working at a construction site .
an asian man in an orange shirt stands next to a trailer .
a man is reading a newspaper next to a man in a white shirt .
people having a conversation .
people standing outside of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people walking down the street .
two people are standing next to each other .
a woman in a black dress is standing next to a wooden fence .
a brown and white dog is jumping in a grassy yard .
a woman in a black dress jumping in the grass .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a young girl is standing outside of a building .
a little girl in a field of grass .
a crowd watches a performance .
a man in a white shirt is juggling a fire .
a man is performing a martial arts demonstration .
two dogs running in the snow .
two women are sitting under a large umbrella .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
two men are looking at cloth .
a group of people are looking at each other and laughing .
a girl slides down a snowbank .
a little girl in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a girl is falling down in the snow .
a group of people are gathered in a room .
two small dogs are in a race .
a large crowd of people in a crowded street .
people walking through an outdoor market .
a soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
a soccer player prepares to kick the soccer ball .
a skateboarder in a park .
a man playing soccer .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
two people standing by a chalkboard .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a group of people performing on stage .
two people are kissing .
a woman and a man are helping each other .
a woman and a man are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a woman in a white shirt is leaning forward .
a woman is leaning over a railing .
a woman in a pink tank top riding a horse .
a group of children are playing a soccer ball .
a man looking out a bus window .
people are climbing up a mountain .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a pilot is smiling .
a child kicking a soccer ball .
a pilot smiles as he looks at the door .
two construction workers in the snow .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching a boy in a blue shirt .
two women are sorting through plants .
a woman is working on a project .
two men fighting .
two men are competing in a roller derby race .
two men are fighting .
a group of people are competing in a race .
two men wearing orange vests are practicing martial arts .
two men talking to each other .
two people are picking up trash in a field .
two snowboarders jump off cliff .
a group of people are standing next to a chalkboard .
a group of people are running on a sidewalk .
a woman wearing sunglasses is looking at a map .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing next to a machine .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a bar .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a table with a sign saying beer ".
a man in a white shirt is standing in a bar .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a computer .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is rowing a canoe .
a boat in the water .
a man sits in a canoe on a lake .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a boat on a lake .
a man sits in a canoe on a lake .
a man is sitting in a canoe .
a person kayaking in a kayak .
a group of people crossing the street .
a person in a costume is standing in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a pond .
a group of soccer players are competing in a game .
a group of people walking down a street .
a group of five people are walking down the street .
five people are walking down the street .
five people are walking down a street .
a group of people on a street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man diving into the ocean .
a man jumping into the water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the airport .
two people on the side of a building .
two people are standing on top of a tall building .
a group of people are going down a building .
a man and a woman are on the ground .
a man is jumping in the air .
a crowded airport .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing in front of mountains .
a woman wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people are watching a lecture .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people hugging outside .
an older woman is waiting in line .
an overweight woman wearing a gray shirt and black pants is standing in front of a man wearing a gray shirt and a man with a beard .
an elderly woman is standing in front of a bald man .
a group of people waiting in line .
an older woman waits in a line .
an older lady waits in line to check out .
a lady in a white shirt is standing in a store .
an elderly woman standing behind two men in line .
an elderly lady is checking out a window .
a group of people waiting in line .
three people waiting in line .
a group of people at a grocery store .
three people are standing in line .
a girl hula hooping with two hula hoops .
a kid with a ball in his mouth .
a girl is kicking a pink ball .
a child playing with a ball .
a man and a woman are sitting on a horse .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a horse in a field .
two women are walking down a street .
a man and a woman are working at a construction site .
a girl playing soccer .
a young boy in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is waiting for a picture .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young lady walks down a city street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman walks along a city street .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
two men in black uniforms play a board game .
two military men are playing monopoly with a little girl .
a group of people are playing monopoly .
a group of people are playing monopoly .
a group of people standing on the beach .
a man taking a picture of a woman .
four tourists walking down the street .
a guy walking with fire .
people are watching a parade .
a group of people protesting on a street .
many protesters carrying a red banner walking across a crowded street .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two men are pushing a boat .
a man and woman working on the camera .
a man and a woman pose for the camera .
two men are pushing a boat in the water .
a group of fishermen in the ocean .
a police officer is looking at something .
two fishermen are pushing their boat in the water .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is walking through a city .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a brown suit in a city .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a dog plays in the snow .
a man taking a picture of a man .
a person wearing headphones is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing next to a building .
a woman wearing headphones is sitting on a bench .
a woman standing next to a building .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a woman in a black jacket is standing in front of a crowd .
a lady standing by a building .
a woman is listening to music .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
two women wearing skirts are walking down the street .
a woman is listening to music .
a guy in a blue shirt is standing on top of equipment .
people looking at a museum exhibit .
a group of people in a fire .
a group of people are standing in front of a large machine .
a man and woman are working on a machine .
a girl poses on a tree trunk .
a girl in a red shirt poses on a tree trunk .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl stands next to a tree .
a girl with red hair and black boots is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt juggling balls .
a man with a ball in his mouth .
a bearded man with a beard is holding a beard .
a bearded bearded man in a white shirt and blue tie is standing in the air with a red and white ball in the air .
a man in a black shirt is juggling with a microphone .
a man with a beard and beard holding a microphone .
a woman dressed in black poses on a tree .
a man in a hat stands in front of art art .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps out of the water .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a singer in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a tank top talking into a microphone .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
two men are sitting in front of a building .
a boy jumping into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a dog rolling on the ground .
two construction workers are working on a pole .
a man is playing baseball .
a person is standing in public .
a man in shorts is holding his head up in the air .
three people are working at a construction site .
construction workers are working together .
a man is getting ready to swim .
two men are working on a telephone pole .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a woman in a white skirt and a woman in a white skirt are walking in a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people are taking a picture .
a young boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is hanging out of a street .
people sitting on a bench .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man taking pictures of a man taking pictures .
a man playing the violin .
two women sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog and a man are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are working together .
two girls at an event .
a couple having a conversation .
people playing in the water .
a woman in a white shirt is walking towards a wooded area .
a dog swims in the water .
a teacher speaks to a teacher .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is swinging upside down .
a group of people performing music .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a white building .
a man is walking by a street vendor .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman dressed in black and red is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a horse .
a woman is riding a horse on a dirt road .
a person is riding a horse .
a person is riding a horse .
a child is jumping in the air .
soldiers stand in front of a mcdonald 's .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is holding a camera .
a young girl in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
three people are riding bikes .
a boy is hanging around a pole .
a band is playing music .
three young people are sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with scissors .
a small child playing with crayons .
a toddler is painting a wall .
a toddler is playing with a piece of paper .
a person is jumping into the water .
a child is playing with paper .
a young person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing next to a wall .
a group of people in front of a wall .
a man and a woman are playing a song .
a man and a woman are playing a musical instrument .
a singer is singing into a microphone .
a man and a woman are singing into microphones .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man with long brown hair is singing into a microphone .
two girls dressed in blue are standing in front of a crowd .
two girls are working on a board .
two girls laughing .
two girls are clapping .
a man is working on a roof .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a yellow shirt working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
three women playing bagpipes .
a group of people wearing life jackets .
a small child is smiling .
a man running on a track .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a person is racing on a track .
a man is running on a track .
a large crowd of people at an event .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is running down a street .
a group of children sitting in a room .
three girls sitting on the floor .
two women laughing .
a dog is training .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young woman takes a drink with a drink .
a woman drinking water from a bottle of water .
a woman in a white shirt is drinking a drink .
a woman drinking a beer .
a woman drinking water .
a woman is holding a bottle .
two people in the water .
two girls are standing on the ground .
two men in the water .
a group of people are standing in front of a body of water .
people swimming in a pool .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a football player attempts to make a kick .
a man drinking water .
a quarterback throws a football .
a group of football players are playing football .
a quarterback throws the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
two soccer players , one wearing a blue jersey and the other in blue , are playing soccer .
a person taking a drink from the water .
a woman carrying a beer .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a bicyclist is enjoying the water .
a lady is holding a bottle of beer .
a group of people are watching a dog .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is looking up at a path .
a man is walking up a rock .
a hiker is climbing up a mountain .
a man in a white shirt is standing at a market .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are taking a picture .
a man is giving a presentation to a group of people .
two women are taking pictures .
a person taking a picture .
a surfer surfs in the water .
a skier is skiing .
two men are preparing food in a small kitchen .
a group of people standing in front of a police van .
three men standing in front of a building .
three men are sitting on a curb in front of a police van .
three men are standing outside a building .
a police van on the street .
a child is holding an object .
a girl is holding a pole .
asian people are shopping for vegetables .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a shirtless man rock climbing .
a man rock climbing .
a group of people in the water .
a man climbing a cliff .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person climbing a rock .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a group of children are playing outside .
a couple playing video games .
a young boy is riding a bike .
a boy is standing next to a bike .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two college students are playing games .
a woman is standing in a kitchen .
a man and woman are drinking wine .
a man is playing the violin .
a man in a white shirt is playing the bagpipes .
five boys playing soccer .
a group of people are smiling .
five children are playing soccer .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a group of people are preparing food .
a man and a woman are eating at a table .
a man and a woman are eating at a table .
a young couple wearing chef hats are eating .
two people eating food .
a man and woman are eating food .
a group of people are preparing food .
a group of people are putting food in their mouths .
two artists working together .
a group of people wearing hats .
a woman is sitting on display of pottery .
two men painting a picture .
three dogs run through a field .
two dogs are running in the grass .
two men are performing martial arts .
two dogs racing in a race .
construction workers in orange vests work on a road .
a group of children are playing a game .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of children in costumes play a game .
a group of children are playing together .
a group of children playing a game .
two men are walking down the street .
construction workers on the side of a road .
a group of men working on a railroad .
two men with reflective reflective jackets and hard hats are standing on a street .
two men working at a construction site .
a group of construction workers preparing to work .
construction workers in hard hats .
two men are working on a project .
construction workers are working on a project .
a man in a yellow shirt is walking down the road .
a young man is sitting on a floor with a mop .
a group of photographers are gathered around a table .
a young lady in a white shirt is sweeping the ground .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a group of people at the beach .
a crowd gathers at the beach .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
people on a beach .
a group of people are walking on a beach .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is standing next to a fence .
a woman is kneeling on the ledge of a fence with a bucket on it .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a woman with long brown hair is sitting in a chair .
an old woman is sitting on the grass .
a group of people performing for an audience .
two women are singing and sing at a crosswalk .
a dog is sitting on a chair .
a lady is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two women playing volleyball on a beach .
a couple dancing and dancing .
a woman in a bikini is standing on a beach .
two girls are playing beach volleyball .
an elderly lady is rolling out of dough .
a woman is looking through a window window .
people walking down the street .
a statue of a statue on the sidewalk .
a city street with graffiti on it .
a woman looking through a window window .
a group of people are standing on the street .
a group of police officers are sitting on a large monument .
a large crowd of police officers and police officers .
police officers standing in a crowd .
a group of police officers waiting for a walk .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a crowd of people are standing on a street .
a child is helping a train .
a man helps a small child on a train .
two people are sitting on a train .
a man helping a child how to use a small child .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a motorcycle .
people are sitting on a train train .
a father and her daughter are climbing up the steps of a train at a train station with people watching .
a man walking with a child .
a man and a woman in a train .
a young boy is riding a train engine .
a man standing by a train .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are on a train .
a woman holding a baby in her arms .
a family is on a train .
a mother is holding her newborn baby .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding a child .
a person with a backpack is walking in a crowd .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a large group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people are gathered in a crowd .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a group of people are standing in the street .
construction workers at work .
a golfer looks off into the distance .
a woman is sitting in a building .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a lady with glasses sitting in a building .
a woman sits in the doorway of a building .
a woman sits outside of a building .
a crane is in the air .
a man is riding a bucking bronco .
a man is riding a horse .
two men are riding a bull .
a bull rider tries to catch a bull .
a bull rider is looking at the bull .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a microphone .
two children are playing in the sand .
a child is playing in the street .
an adult is walking down the street .
two children are playing in the snow .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a band performs on stage .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a band plays the drums .
a tennis player hitting the ball .
a man cleaning a kitchen counter .
a black dog is running through the grass .
a boy is walking down the street .
a woman practicing her tennis racket .
a young woman is about to hit a tennis ball .
a tennis player hitting the ball .
a black and white dog with sheep in its mouth .
a group of people in new york city .
a group of men standing around a table .
a group of men in a street .
a large crowd of people are standing in front of signs .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is leading his horse .
children playing a musical instrument .
a group of people in a race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a board .
a guy skateboarding on a ramp .
a group of people running in the snow .
people at night at night .
a group of people are running down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
an adult is putting goggles on a girl .
three men are walking down the street .
a woman is trying to pick out a tree .
two men are working on a project .
a little girl is helping a little girl put her goggles on .
a man with a hat is walking down the street .
two women wearing dresses are performing in front of an audience .
a child is playing in the pool .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of women dressed in colorful costumes stand on a stage .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of ballet dancers performing on a stage .
a group of ballet dancers are performing .
a group of dancers standing on a stage .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a man is putting on a shoe on a shoe .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
people are dancing in a room .
a man is sitting at a restaurant eating .
a restaurant in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is selling money from his van .
a man working on a project .
a dog jumps in the air near a wooded area .
a child is kneeling on a small child 's shoulders .
a woman is hugging a child .
a mother and her daughter are kneeling on the grass .
an older woman and a young boy are walking down the street .
a child is swimming in the water .
a crowd of people are gathered in a crowd .
a young girl in a bathing suit floating in an innertube .
a young girl in an innertube .
a girl in a blue bathing suit is jumping into the water .
a girl is floating on the water .
a girl in a bikini is jumping in the air .
a girl in a blue bathing suit is swimming in the water .
three teenagers are sitting in a classroom .
two boys , one wearing a red uniform and the other wearing a red uniform , are playing soccer .
two boys playing soccer on a soccer field .
a group of young people at a party .
a child wearing a hat and a hat .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy in a wetsuit is surfing on a crowded beach .
a young boy is on a beach .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy wearing swim trunks is swimming in the ocean .
a boy is standing in the sand .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in a crowded beach .
a man is playing golf .
a baby is reaching for the water in the water .
children are painting a picture .
a man sitting at a desk looking at a computer screen .
construction workers working on a project .
two construction workers are working on their laptops .
construction workers working on a project .
two people are working in a kitchen .
a group of people performing surgery .
a child is playing with water .
a man is sitting at a computer computer .
a group of people are working together .
two men painting a picture on the ground .
two guys painting the road .
two men painting a picture .
two men paint a curb on a busy street .
two men paint on a curb .
two men paint on a curb .
two men are working with paint .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people in a hut .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people walk down the street .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
two girls running into each other .
a group of people walking down the street .
a sign with a sign on it .
a brown and brown dog runs through the snow .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two girls are playing tug of war .
a man walking through a factory .
an older man working on a project .
a group of people on a bus .
people are sitting on a bus .
a group of tourists gather around a train .
a group of young girls playing in a field .
a group of people are holding a banner .
a woman in a red shirt is holding a flag .
a woman is performing martial arts .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
teenagers playing in the sand .
a man is sitting in a chair on the sidewalk .
a child is working on a machine .
a young child is cutting wood .
a person in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
people shopping for fruit .
a group of people are holding a flag .
a man is holding a sign .
people standing on the road holding flags .
a girl sitting on a man 's lap .
kids playing in the water .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting in a chair .
a young girl sitting on a man 's lap .
a group of children are walking down the street .
three children looking off into the water .
a boy is bowling .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a group of teenagers are looking at a window .
teenagers are sitting in a bus .
teenagers look out the window of a window .
a bus with several children .
three teenagers are riding a bus .
a woman is making a square with her hands .
a group of young girls are sitting on a bus and looking out the window of the window .
a group of children are cooking at a park .
a female roller derby roller derby .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a man and woman are fixing a bicycle tire .
a group of people are looking at a bicycle .
a guy and girl working on a bicycle .
a man and woman are working on a bicycle .
a girl is pouring a bottle of water .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of people enjoying a picnic .
a woman cooking food on a grill .
a young woman in a t shirt cooking meat .
a young woman in a blue shirt cooking meat on a grill in a park .
a young woman grills meat on a grill .
a girl is pouring a liquid into a microscope .
a girl is pouring something into a bottle .
a girl in a pink shirt is pouring a bottle of water .
a boy is playing in a pool .
a woman wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a bartender stands in front of a display of wine .
a young boy is playing tennis .
a group of people are preparing food .
a group of people waiting for customers .
people waiting at a restaurant .
a group of people in a restaurant eating food .
a woman is working at a bar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a team of rugby players playing rugby .
two guys standing in a field playing a sport .
a group of people playing soccer .
a mountain climber scales a mountain .
a person climbing a cliff .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man in a blue shirt climbing a mountain .
a person is walking down the street .
a little brown dog runs through the grass .
a woman is pouring a drink .
a woman is playing with a boy .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl swings a young boy in front of a fireplace .
a young woman swings a young boy .
a young girl is swinging her brother .
people holding a frisbee .
a dog on the beach .
a man in a black suit is sitting in front of a microphone .
a young boy in a red shirt is standing in a car .
a young boy is playing in the ocean in the ocean .
a young boy in a wetsuit is standing in the ocean .
a boy in swimming trunks runs into the ocean .
a young boy in a wetsuit is standing in the ocean .
a young boy runs into the ocean at the shore .
a small boy walking on the beach .
a barefoot boy on the beach with his shoes on .
a small boy in blue walks along the beach .
a boy is walking on a beach .
a boy is walking down the street .
a boy running in a race .
a woman is pouring a drink to a man in a bikini .
a child stands in shallow water .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps over a grassy field .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are waiting for a turn on a busy street .
a dog runs through the grass .
construction worker working on the road .
a man in a blue shirt is doing martial arts .
people walking on the street .
a group of people sitting around tables .
two children are playing in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
two boys hugging each other .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man rides a surfboard on a surfboard .
a man in a white wetsuit is bowling on a white surfboard .
two children hugging each other .
people running in a marathon .
asian workers working in a field .
runners are competing in a race .
a group of people competing in a marathon .
a group of people are walking down a street .
three people are picking up trash in a field .
two dogs jumping in the air .
two dogs jumping in the air .
a man working on a project .
a boy is sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing in front of a store .
a man is sitting on a board in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a coat is walking down the street .
a group of people pose for a picture .
a boy and girl are sitting on the grass .
a group of people are watching a wedding .
two men are looking at a tree .
a man with a black and white dog is standing in front of a group of people .
a man sitting in a chair with two dogs .
a flock of firefighters and hay in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a person in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman is standing next to two children .
a woman in a pink dress and a woman in a pink dress and a woman in a pink dress and a woman in a pink dress and a woman in a pink dress .
a woman and two children are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a pink shirt and a woman in a pink shirt are sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people are riding up a hill behind a fence .
a man is handing another man 's hand .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in a room .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
one man talks to another man in a blue shirt .
a group of people are sitting on a road .
two people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men in orange vests and hard hats are working together .
two men in orange vests prepare a large object .
a biker doing a trick on a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down a street .
a woman sitting on a hill on a hill .
a person in a blue shirt and blue shorts is surfing in the ocean .
a man pushes a child in a stroller .
a young blond boy is riding a board .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a girl sitting on a rock .
a girl wearing a black jacket and jeans is sitting on a wall with something in the background .
a little girl is sitting in an outdoor setting .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl in a white shirt and black pants is playing golf on the street .
a woman is flying through the air .
five people sitting on a couch under a tree .
people sitting on a couch .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man and a woman sit on benches under a tree .
four people are sitting on blankets on benches .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
four dogs racing on a track .
a dog is pulling a stuffed animal .
a woman in a colorful dress is standing in front of a mirror .
a black dog pulls a sled down a snow covered hill .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is doing martial arts .
two dogs play in the water .
a man is performing a trick on his leg .
a boy opening candy on a christmas tree .
a man is looking at a child with a plastic cane .
a boy is pushing a candy cane .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young girl plays in the snow .
a man in a green shirt is riding a bicycle .
two men in the woods examining a tree .
workers are working on an airplane .
a black dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog swims in the water .
a man poses for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is playing a game .
an image image of an image image of an image image on the image .
a man in a blue shirt playing a video game .
a man is playing a carnival game .
a group of people are getting ready for a race .
people dancing in a circle .
a man in an orange outfit is standing in front of an audience .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of women are dancing in a circle .
a girl and a woman are standing in front of a camera .
two men are performing on stage .
a man is climbing a large wall .
a man with a bag is walking down the street .
a skateboarder jumps over a hurdle .
a child is using a power hammer .
a young boy is trying to fix a hammer .
a boy in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a child is working with a hammer .
a man dressed in black is juggling knives .
a man is throwing a golf ball .
a man is playing golf .
a man playing golf .
a man swings at a golf ball .
a man is playing golf .
two hikers are walking down the sidewalk .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is looking at a tree .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is making bread .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog is playing in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are cleaning up a pond .
a bald man in a blue shirt standing by a building .
a man in a blue shirt is waiting by an empty street .
a man with a mask and a mask in the background .
a woman in a blue tie is standing in front of a podium with a microphone .
a man playing the guitar .
a man in a red coat and a woman in a red coat are playing a guitar .
a woman in a coat is standing in front of a store .
a woman in a red coat is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt holding a rifle .
a man with a mask on his face .
a man is standing in front of a castle .
a man in a costume is performing for a crowd .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone .
a man in a black shirt and black pants stands in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a group of people are looking at balloons .
a woman with black hair and pink dress is standing in front of a crowd .
an asian man is riding a bike .
a man is riding a boat on a river .
a man is riding a bike .
a woman wearing a black scarf is holding a long scarf .
a woman in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a model is posing for a picture .
a man in a boat in a boat .
a vehicle drives through the woods .
a monster truck in a forest .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a road .
a man in a yellow jacket is standing in the woods .
a red car is flying over a stream .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
an elderly man is preparing for a speech .
a girl is eating a meal .
a man is giving a speech .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a woman is fixing a shoe shoe .
a woman is helping another child 's shoe .
a woman is helping another child ice skating .
two athletes are playing soccer .
a person doing work on a sidewalk .
a group of people are working on a construction project .
a group of people playing soccer .
two hockey players fighting for the puck .
a hockey player in a white jersey is running .
a group of people in a market .
a man and a girl are playing basketball .
a man sitting on a park bench taking a bike ride .
a group of football players are getting ready for a game .
football players are running down a field .
six football players celebrating .
a group of children sitting around a table .
two toddlers are playing hockey on a sunny day .
two toddlers playing in a playpen .
two babies playing in a colorful area .
a group of men dressed in football uniforms .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a brown and brown dog with a brown collar is standing near a large rock .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a child is sitting on a skateboard .
a security guard sitting on a stool .
a young child sits on a skateboard in the street .
a group of people are sitting on a wall .
an asian man is sleeping on a bench .
a dark haired man sleeps on a bench .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a homeless man sleeping in the street .
a woman in a tuxedo sings into a microphone .
two people are walking down the street .
people standing in front of a building .
a yellow building with a mural on the wall .
people hanging out in front of a building .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are standing around a body of water .
a man in a dress is singing into a microphone .
two little girls , one in a pink shirt and the other in a pink shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a picnic table .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a little boy in a red shirt is laying down next to some rocks in the middle of a large white cloth .
a group of people are gathered in a crowd .
a woman and a girl are riding a horse .
a man and a dog look at a fire .
a blond girl with blond hair is standing in front of a microphone .
a fire in a fire .
a woman and a girl are looking at a fire .
a crowd of people are gathered around an old woman .
a woman in a white shirt is helping another woman .
a woman in a red shirt is pulling a woman in a red shirt .
a crowd of people are gathered around a woman 's head .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a group of children are gathered around a tree .
two children in the woods .
two children are standing near trees .
a group of children in a forest .
two toddlers walk together .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are walking down the street .
two men and a woman in a studio .
a group of people having a conversation outside .
two men in green shirts talking to each other .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is hanging on a rock .
a man is laying on a tree stump .
a group of men are working on a tree .
police officers on the street .
a surfer rides a wave .
a tent with a tent in the background .
a girl is riding a horse .
a little girl is playing with a toy toy .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man is picking up a tent in the street .
a man is taking a picture of a young girl .
a man putting up a tent .
a man is holding a microphone .
a man and a woman play instruments .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a keyboard on a keyboard .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man playing a keyboard .
a man is singing into a bar .
a man is playing a keyboard in a band .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a little girl is standing in front of a building .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a girl is playing on a seesaw .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man looking at something .
a guy is sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man reading a newspaper on a subway .
a man is reading a book .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man reading a newspaper on a subway .
a man sitting on the subway .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is riding a bike in the street .
a man and a child are watching a street performer .
a girl is playing with toys .
a man and a boy play music on the street .
a man is standing next to a man in a suit .
a man smiles at the camera .
a football player is running with a football player .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is standing in front of a microphone .
construction workers in a field .
a woman is dancing on a stage .
a football player runs with a ball .
a person is sitting on stairs .
a girl in a brown skirt is holding a purse .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man waves on his surfboard .
a child is riding a scooter .
a little boy in a yellow shirt is playing with a toy toy .
a group of people are preparing food .
two people wearing backpacks .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a cricket player is playing cricket .
two men are playing soccer .
two girls are walking with their father .
a child playing in an inflatable gym .
three guys playing a game in a park .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man working on a building with a cloudy sky in the background .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is working on a city street .
a man washing windows in a city .
a man in a black jacket is sitting on a bench .
a man is cleaning windows in the air .
a man cleaning a window .
a man washing windows .
a man is playing the accordion .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a bike .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are selling items .
a group of people sitting in a yard .
several people are sitting by a large red building .
a woman is walking down a sidewalk with a broom .
two people are walking in the snow .
a group of people sitting in a circle in a circle .
a man in a blue shirt is surfing on the beach .
a man is riding a bike .
an asian man in a white shirt is singing on stage .
a group of workers standing in front of a marketplace .
a man stands on a surfboard on a surfboard .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people in a room .
a boy in a blue striped shirt is sitting on a blue chair .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a cyclist is competing in a race .
a person is riding a bike on a road .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
four people are sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man is sitting in a chair with a guitar .
a group of people are gathered around a construction site .
several people are sitting in a large room .
a group of people are looking at equipment .
a group of people are gathered in front of a building .
two men in a boxing match .
two men boxing each other .
two men in a boxing ring .
two boxers fighting .
a man standing outside of a building .
a security guard wearing military gear stands next to a motorcycle .
a military security guard in front of a podium with a radio in the background .
a man in a military uniform is speaking into a microphone .
a security guard is using a radio call .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing behind a fence .
a man working at a construction site .
a man and a woman are fighting .
a young man is skating in the living room .
a woman ice skating on a ice rink .
a person in jeans and a blue shirt is doing martial arts .
a skateboarder skates down a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of children are jumping in the air .
three small children playing in hay hay .
two children play in hay .
two children are jumping in the air .
three children jump on hay .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a boy jumps off a hay bale .
a boy jumps off a pile of hay .
a boy is posing for a picture .
a boy jumping off of a hay bale .
a woman is dancing on a stage .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of children are riding their bikes .
a man wearing jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing on a rock .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of african american children are walking together .
two guys jogging in the dark .
a guy is walking on a rail .
a girl smiles at the camera .
a black dog jumps into the water .
children are walking down the street .
a man is painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is painting a wall .
a man does tricks on a skateboard .
a young man rides his skateboard down the street .
a young man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick on his skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a dog in the water .
a man wearing a coat and gloves is standing in a parking lot .
a group of dogs running in a field .
a dog swims in the water .
a golden retriever swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a yellow dog is swimming in the water .
a man painting a wall .
two people are walking on a path .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of men in a parade .
a crowd of people are playing instruments .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a sofa .
a crowd of people are walking on a street .
people at an outdoor festival .
a child in a blue shirt is singing .
a woman walks along the side of a road .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is looking at the camera .
a child in a blue shirt is putting a gift on a wall .
a boy in a blue shirt is painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a field .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a young person doing tricks on a skateboard .
a dog jumps into a pool .
a group of people are serving food .
a market is filled with vegetables .
a group of women at a marketplace .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a person is riding a bike .
a man snowboarding .
a snowboarder wearing a blue helmet is riding a snowboard .
a man and a man are running in the snow .
a student in a blue shirt is reading a book .
a teenage boy is playing a sport on a basketball field .
basketball players playing basketball .
a child is trying to catch a pole .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man is walking down a street .
people standing on a boat .
a group of men standing by a woman in a white shirt .
a person jumping off a snowy mountain .
a person walks with four dogs .
a man leans against a ledge while a man stands on scaffolding behind him .
a skier does a trick in the air .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a skier does a jump on a snowboard .
a man in a black shirt is riding a ski cart .
a couple getting married .
a boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a store .
two people are having a conversation .
a brunette woman in a pink shirt is playing with a hula hoop .
a woman and a child play a game .
a woman is standing next to a young boy .
a woman and a child are looking at paper .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a young girl is playing on her back porch .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a girl blowing bubbles with a bubble wand .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
several women are walking together .
two women are playing a musical instrument .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a chinese woman and a man walk down the street .
two soccer players playing soccer .
soccer players in red and blue uniforms are playing soccer .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people in a city .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a boy jumps into the water .
a person is jumping in the air .
a group of people are standing on rocks .
a small group of people at the bottom of a mountain .
two men are talking to each other .
two people riding their bikes .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a man in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a white haired woman drinking a drink .
a man is talking on a cellphone while walking down the sidewalk with a flower .
two people biking on a trail .
a bike rider in the air .
a group of cyclists on the road .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a boy shooting a water gun .
a young man is sitting on a ledge looking off into the distance .
a young boy in a swimming pool with a family in the pool .
a child is playing in a pool .
children playing in a pool .
a car drives down the road .
a car drives down the road .
a red mountain biker goes by a green mountain .
a mountain biker in the snow .
a group of people are driving on a road .
a group of people are competing in a race .
a woman poses for the camera .
a woman poses with a lot of bread .
a woman with a book smiles .
a woman is holding a yellow star .
an older gentleman cleaning a bar .
a person in swimming trunks stands in the water .
a man with a broom is using a broom .
a man is eating outside of a building .
a small boy is playing in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is falling out of a ditch .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing the guitar .
a bearded man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man is standing next to a flag .
a man sits in front of a flag .
a guitarist sits in front of an american flag .
a man with long brown hair is holding a guitar .
a man is playing chess .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a video game .
a little boy is upside down .
a person in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is playing a game of checkers .
a crowd of people watch a motorcycle .
three young men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are teaching a group of children .
a man cleaning the floor .
a person is standing outside of a building .
two men are walking down the street .
people crossing a busy street .
two people in a city street .
a man and woman are riding bikes on a city street .
people crossing a busy street .
a group of teenagers are sitting at a table .
a child walks through a field .
a man is eating a sandwich .
a black and white dog is standing in a yard .
two men are riding skateboards .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a football player tries to block the base .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
people are eating in a restaurant .
a cat standing in front of a string .
a dog walks by a pile of trash .
a brown dog stands in the mud .
a child is walking in the grass .
a man doing a skateboard trick on a handrail .
the train is on the tracks .
two skateboarders competing in a race .
a man is getting ready to go down the street .
a girl in a blue shirt is playing in a gym .
two men are sitting on steps .
a man is preparing food .
a person in a red shirt is sliding down a ramp .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a train station at night .
two young girls playing with toys .
a group of young girls are fighting in a classroom .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of people standing around a table .
a black and white dog is standing near a waterfall .
a dog runs through the snow .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a black dog running through water .
a woman is carrying a tray of food .
two guys are riding skateboards .
a man and a boy are preparing food .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
a group of people are sitting at tables in a circle .
a man and a boy are preparing food .
a group of people preparing food .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
two people are cooking a meal .
a group of people are cooking food outdoors .
a man and a woman are preparing for tea .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man sitting on a curb eating food .
two men talking to each other .
two women are looking at a small red and white pot .
a group of people playing soccer .
a child slides down a hill in the snow .
a child playing in the snow .
a boy is playing in the snow .
a toddler is sliding down a slide .
a boy is standing on a wall .
a boy is walking around a house .
a boy is walking down the street .
two construction workers are working together .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are running in a marathon .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is playing with a flower .
a group of firefighters are operating a firetruck .
a woman is standing in front of a building .
a man with a tattoo on his arm is running .
a group of medical personnel are working .
a group of people wearing jackets are talking .
a rally crew is driving on the street .
a crowd looks at a building .
a woman in a black shirt dancing .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are dancing .
a dancer poses for the camera .
a woman is dancing on a stage .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are doing yoga on a beach .
two people are on a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
two people are running on the beach .
a woman is pole vaulting .
a woman in a red shirt is doing a volleyball .
a woman is pole vaulting over a pole .
a woman in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
a woman wearing a black shirt and black pants is bowling .
a group of people are jumping over rocks .
a man and a woman jumping on a beach .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man and woman are jumping in the air .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people jumping on a beach .
people waiting for a train .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a pole jumps over a pole .
a woman with a camera is holding a camera .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman takes a picture .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are looking down at a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people standing next to a fence .
a person in a blue shirt is standing near water .
a man is performing a trick on a skateboard .
a man is jumping in the air .
a skier flies through the air .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a man is walking down a narrow street .
a person riding a bike in a race .
a group of people are sitting on a motorcycle .
a little girl is playing on a swing .
a woman is walking down the street .
a snowboarder does a jump in the air .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of teenagers are playing outside .
a man snowboarding .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people are standing in front of metal poles .
a group of asian people are crossing the street .
a young boy is sitting on a chair .
a man is cooking something in a kitchen .
a man is eating at a picnic table .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
two girls in pink shirts are putting their hands in the water .
a football player holding the ball .
a girl in a red jacket is trying to catch a volleyball .
a football player in a red jersey is playing a game .
two boys are playing in the grass .
a group of children are sitting around a table .
a group of children in a field .
two young children in a field in front of a yellow tape .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is biting a brown dog .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog in the water .
a dog runs through the ocean .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog catches a tennis ball .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a black shirt , are standing in front of a man in a blue shirt .
a group of children are taking notes .
a woman is walking through a laundry mat .
a man with a cap and a cap is holding a rifle .
a boy in a black shirt is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the horizon .
a group of people standing in front of a city .
people shopping outside of a store .
a person is sitting on the steps of a staircase .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is sitting at a counter at a grocery store .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the sidewalk .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men are riding a boat .
two men fishing in a body of water .
two men standing on a fishing boat .
two men on a boat .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people standing outside a building .
two men are looking over a wall .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
people swimming in a pool .
tourists looking at binoculars .
a tourist is looking at the ocean .
tourists are looking through binoculars .
a tourist is looking out at the ocean .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy swings on a swing .
a man in a green shirt is jumping over a rail .
a man and woman kissing .
a man and woman kissing .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people are kissing on a train .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a woman jogging in a marathon .
a man is walking through the street .
a woman is walking on a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people getting ready for a race .
a person is getting ready to throw a stick .
a man is cutting food .
a woman and two children are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman holds a baby with a baby .
an elderly woman holds a young toddler .
a young girl in a pink jacket is holding a sign .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a knife .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man does a handstand on a trampoline .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is holding his arms .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man is sitting in a chair reading a book .
a woman is sitting in a chair with her mouth open .
six children are gathered around a table .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are running .
two people are running in a race .
two people running in a marathon .
a man in a white shirt is applying goods .
four people performing on a stage .
a group of people are gathered at a tournament .
a group of performers are performing on stage .
people watching an event .
three dancers performing in front of a crowd .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is jogging down the street holding a rag .
a woman is running down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is running in a race .
a group of women and children are standing in front of a cow statue .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman and two children are sitting on a bench .
a woman is looking at something .
police officers are standing outside of a building .
a group of people in a vehicle .
a person is sitting on a tree overlooking a tree .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt looking at something .
a man is looking at a microscope .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people celebrating a volleyball court .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a singer is performing a handstand on a stage .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is holding his foot up .
an african american man dressed in black sings into a microphone .
a man with long brown hair singing into a microphone .
a person is sitting at a table at a table .
a man is standing on the street in front of a house .
a person walking down the sidewalk .
a person is walking down the sidewalk on the sidewalk .
a man is holding a bird .
people working in a park .
a group of people are working together .
an asian girl serving drinks on a tray .
six construction workers are working together .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a group of martial arts students are practicing martial arts .
a group of people at a market .
a man walking down a street .
a man in a white shirt is standing against a wall .
a man with a backpack is holding a backpack .
a man is looking out the window of a building .
a race car driver drives after a race .
a large group of white people in a field .
three dogs swimming in the water .
children writing together .
a girl in a white shirt and black shorts is leaning back and holding a pole .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is working on his laptop .
a girl is looking at the mountains .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is pushing a cane on a sidewalk .
a man in a santa suit is taking a picture .
a band in new york city .
a person is jumping up in the air with a lot of trees in the background .
two men playing musical instruments .
a man and a woman play on stage .
a trash truck drives down the road .
a girl in jeans and a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a little girl is standing next to a tree .
a girl sitting on a wall in front of a wall .
a girl wearing a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a couch .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting by a tree .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a tree .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is standing in front of a building .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a little girl is sitting in front of flowers .
a man is cleaning a table full of food .
two people are having a conversation .
two students having a conversation .
two people talking to each other .
two students are having a conversation .
two students are talking in front of a concrete wall .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting at a stone wall in front of a stone wall .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
two men are having a conversation in front of a wall with graffiti on it .
two men are speaking in front of a store .
a small group of people are sitting at tables .
two men are standing on a rock .
a group of people sitting in front of a chalkboard .
two men in front of a crowd .
two men are standing in a room .
a man is jumping in the air .
two men are having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
two men talking on a cellphone .
two men having a conversation .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a person takes a dive into a pile of leaves .
a man jumps into the leaves .
a pile of leaves in the snow .
a man is jumping in a pile of leaves .
a man jumps into a pile of leaves .
a boy in a blue shirt playing with a ball .
a woman in a red jacket is standing in the mountains .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a desk .
people walking with a shopping cart .
a man is jumping in the air .
a vendor selling money on the street .
a policeman is standing next to a horse .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
three young boys pose for the camera .
three young boys pose for the camera .
three boys dressed in blue and orange are smiling .
three young boys smiling .
a man is getting a haircut .
a boy is standing in front of an atm stand .
a group of people are walking down the street .
five people are walking down the street .
two women and three men are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking on a city street .
two women jogging down a dirt trail .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of young men and two women are walking down the street .
five people are walking down the street .
people are walking through an empty path .
five people are playing in the snow .
a group of people are jogging down a path .
a group of people are walking on a path .
a group of people are running down the street .
a woman is looking down the street .
a girl is walking down the street .
a singer in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman is walking past a parking garage .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a lady is walking down the street .
a man stands in front of a wall with a drawing on the wall .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a person is standing in front of a shack .
a woman is standing on a dock .
a man in a blue shirt is shaving his hair .
a man is shopping at a market .
a group of people in a subway station .
a woman is walking up steps .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a chainsaw .
a man carving a statue .
a man is using a christmas tree .
a man in a white shirt is holding a chainsaw .
a man is pointing at something .
a dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .
a dog is running through the sand .
a little girl in pink is standing in the snow .
a bride and four children are pointing at something on a busy street .
a child skis down a snowy slope .
a child is skiing through the snow .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a man in a black tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are running .
people running down a street .
a group of men and women are running .
a group of men are running around a marathon .
a child is riding a toy toy .
a child is sitting by a tree .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a group of people are running .
a child hiding on a bed .
a group of cheerleaders dressed in red and black are listening to a soccer ball .
a man in red speaks into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
snowy mountains with mountains in the background .
a mountain view of a mountain .
a mountain biker in snow .
a girl is reaching toward the ducks .
a person is preparing food .
a man feeding two dogs .
a man fixing a piece of wood .
a group of people are watching something .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of musicians playing musical instruments .
a man in a red shirt is standing in a car .
a person in a white shirt is working on a piece of wood .
a woman in a white shirt is waiting for a play .
a toddler plays in the grass .
a young child is playing with a toy truck .
a woman is playing with her child .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a mother and her son play in the sand .
a woman is sitting on a bench with her arms crossed .
a woman is standing in a store .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a woman is sitting on a bench on a beach .
a woman and a man are sitting on the beach .
a man and a woman on a beach .
a woman is holding a man 's arm .
a woman in a black shirt is holding a man 's hand .
a woman is hiking down a mountain .
two people are talking on the beach .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman and a man are sitting on the beach .
a couple is walking down the street .
a woman with a beard and a man in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman is holding a man 's face .
a woman is petting a man on a beach .
an old man is looking at something .
an old man looking at the front of a building .
a group of children playing soccer on a sunny day .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are repairing a room .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs on the beach .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a brown dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
two women competing in a race .
a motocross racer is performing a trick on a course .
a man sings into a microphone .
a group of bike riders are riding in town .
a man is pulling a boy in a ladder .
three people are riding bikes .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in the ocean .
a nurse is sitting in a hospital room .
a group of people are smiling .
a man and a woman are looking at a person in a costume .
a man and a woman dressed in costumes .
people standing in front of a shop .
a man and a woman are looking at newspapers .
two women playing basketball on the beach .
a group of people competing in a race .
two women are playing in the snow .
a group of young men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a black shirt , are standing in a parking lot .
a baseball player in a maroon jersey holding a baseball .
people waiting at the subway station .
a young girl laughing .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man in a green shirt cooking hotdogs on a grill .
a man is cooking food .
a man is cooking on a grill .
a man is cooking up meat on a fire .
a group of people having a conversation .
three bike riders jump in the air .
a group of young riders jump in the air .
a guy at an art art art art art .
a girl in a red shirt and blue jeans is looking at the camera .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a security guard is performing his job .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a man is sitting on a bench in a restaurant .
three children are playing in the snow .
a man is giving a haircut .
a musician playing a guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a young woman playing a guitar on stage .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is on the beach .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs are running in the grass .
a black dog prepares to catch a frisbee .
a dog chases a frisbee .
a man in a pink shirt is dancing .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are wrestling in a match .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a man and a woman are standing together .
a group of people are smiling .
a bride in a white shirt is eating a cake .
a group of people in a river .
a girl hangs at a tennis court .
three people are inside a building .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a group of construction workers are standing together .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man jogging in front of a construction site .
a man jogging down the street in front of a large building .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man jogging in a race .
a group of people are looking at something .
a brown and white dog is laying on a tree stump .
three people are sitting on a boat .
a man is holding a newspaper .
a group of people talking at a restaurant .
two women talking to each other .
a skier skiing down a hill .
a bald man is eating lunch .
a woman wearing a black tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man looking at a baby .
a man is drilling on the window of a building .
a hiker with a backpack stands on a hillside .
two men are playing in the yard .
a man working with a drill .
a policeman is trying to jump into the air .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two soccer teams are playing soccer .
a group of women playing basketball .
two women competing in an athletic match .
two women playing hockey in blue and white uniforms .
two girls competing in a gym .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a dog plays with a ball on the beach .
a man and a woman are eating dinner .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a baby on a ride .
a group of women running on a cobblestone street .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of young girls looking at display .
two women looking at fans .
two people are looking at a display .
three women looking at a display .
a group of ladies looking at something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men dressed in costumes are dancing .
two men are performing on stage .
four men , one in white and the other in white and the other in white .
a group of men are playing instruments .
two men sing on stage .
a woman and a child ride a ride .
a mother and her child sitting on a bench .
a mother and daughter are sitting at a large outdoor fruit stand .
a woman and child ride a ride .
a mother and daughter at a fair ride .
a mother and daughter ride on a roller coaster ride .
a skier goes down a slope .
a man and a woman standing next to each other .
a person skiing down a mountain .
people shopping at walmart .
two people are pushing a cart down the street .
two people shopping at walmart .
two people shopping at a store .
people shopping at a market .
an elderly man is holding an old woman 's hand .
a man about to kick a soccer ball .
a man is helping his wife walk across the street .
people playing soccer .
a woman swings on a swing .
a group of women running on the beach .
two girls playing soccer .
a girl with long brown hair and gloves is walking along a brick sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling in front of a restaurant .
a group of girls playing a game .
girls playing soccer .
a group of young girls play in a gym .
a woman in a brown coat and a woman in a brown coat are walking down the street .
a girl in a brown coat is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a blond girl is walking down the street .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a man in a pink shirt carries two people in the sand .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is leaving a store .
a group of people are standing on a street corner .
a man leaving a grocery store .
a man in a white shirt is smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
two men are smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette outside .
a person is holding something .
a worker is sitting on a bench .
a man in a hard hat is holding a hammer .
a man is looking over a railing .
a man is performing on a stage .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the middle of a street .
a beach volleyball player on the beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking in a white shirt .
a dancer dressed as santa claus .
a woman in a black shirt dancing .
a gymnast doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a young girl in a white shirt holding a sword .
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a mohawk .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a woman wearing a hat is sitting on a bench .
a policeman is riding a bucking horse .
a man in a harness is sitting in a wood shop .
a group of police officers on horses .
a police officer working on the road .
a police officer is riding a horse .
a man is carrying a canoe in a field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is working on a project .
an orchestra gathers for an orchestra .
a group of people waiting to cross the street .
a man in a blue shirt working in a kitchen .
two women walking down the street .
a girl is riding a bike .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a blue chair .
a group of people riding on motorcycles .
a man and a dog are hiking in the snow .
a man is cutting wood .
a woman is riding her bike on her bike .
a dog is chewing on something .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a man is working in a wood shop .
a brown dog chewing on wood .
a person picking up vegetables .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl picking up trash with a shovel .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man rides a small bicycle .
a man rides a small bicycle in a parade .
a man in a pink shirt and green shirt is looking at something .
a man rides a small small vehicle .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown dog with a toy in his mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog plays with a toy toy .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing next to each other .
a man and woman are sitting next to each other .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is sitting at a bar at a bar .
a group of people having a conversation .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a mirror .
a man is sitting on his hind legs .
a band is watching a band .
a boy rides a horse .
a young boy is riding a horse .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing on top of a horse .
a boy is riding a horse .
three men are on horses .
people sitting on a bench .
two girls posing in front of a tree .
a lady is eating a snack .
two women walk down the street .
a group of hikers climbing up a hill .
two people are climbing a hill .
two people are hiking down a mountain .
a man and his friend are hiking through the woods .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two friends hike up a mountain .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a red shirt are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a person is hiking down a mountain .
a little girl is standing in front of a flower .
four children are enjoying a picnic .
a young girl is sniffing a flower outside .
a man holding a flower .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sniffing a flower .
a child holding a flower .
a child holding a flower .
a flower is being held by a flower .
a large white dog and a small dog in a field .
a bird flying through the water .
a young woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman wearing a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
an older woman with a red scarf wrapped around her neck smiles .
a woman sitting on the deck of a boat .
a woman is sitting on a bench in front of a large tree .
a blond woman in front of a green background .
a woman sitting alone on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a walkway .
a woman in a dress is sitting in a chair .
a woman sits next to a wall .
a blond woman in sunglasses poses for a picture .
a blond woman in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a man in a baseball cap plays a black electric guitar .
a girl looking at a painting .
a lady with a cane is sitting on a stoop .
a person taking a picture .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
a girl in a white shirt is taking pictures in an art gallery .
two dogs run in the grass .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is bowling .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a man is bowling .
a man in a red shirt is walking down an alley .
a man is bowling .
two people talking to each other .
three people standing next to each other .
a man talking on a cellphone .
people talking in a crowd .
a group of men are talking on a cellphone while drinking wine .
a woman is kicking a punching bag .
a woman is running on a gym .
a woman in a blue shirt is kickboxing .
a woman in a sports uniform poses for a photo .
a woman practicing karate .
a man is playing in a pool .
a person is playing pool .
a man is playing in a pool .
a man wearing glasses is playing pool .
a woman weaving on a loom .
a man in a white shirt playing pool .
a young girl is helping her son 's father 's son .
two rugby players playing rugby .
a man is standing on a bridge holding an object .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a large object .
two men are selling items from a food cart .
a red team hugs a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt is kneeling on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on the ground .
two boxers fighting .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man in a red shirt is hitting a karate competition .
a man is writing .
police officers working on a street .
five people sitting on rocks .
a man on a beach in the ocean .
a woman and a dog in the snow .
a young girl is on a beach .
two people are racing on a road .
a young woman is standing in the snow with her black dog .
a young girl is on a beach .
a little girl with a shovel and a shovel .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting on the beach .
a young girl is standing in the sand on a sunny day .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a crowd of people are gathered in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are lying next to a water fountain .
three people in a park .
a man taking a picture of a man .
a couple taking pictures .
a person lying down on a blanket .
a man laying on a bench under trees .
a man sitting on a bench on a bench .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a person in front of a crowd of people .
a little girl is swimming in the water .
a man in a swimming pool .
a man is holding two boys in a pool .
a man and two children are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a little girl jumping rope .
a man standing outside of a building .
three people are swimming in a pool .
a woman in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow toy .
a crowd of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a crowd of people in yellow and white uniforms .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a skater in a blue shirt is raising his arms .
two people having a conversation .
a mechanic is working on a train train .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man working on a railroad car .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a vehicle .
three people are standing near a body of water .
three men are sitting on the edge of a pier overlooking a lake .
five boats in the water .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a cruise ship is sailing in the woods .
a woman is playing an instrument .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of dogs standing together .
two dogs walk through a field .
a group of people are watching a race .
a woman is walking down the street with her purse .
a black and white dog is walking through a park .
a man in a white shirt is laughing .
a man in a white shirt smiling .
a man in a white shirt and jeans is running through the snow .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is laughing .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man smiles at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young man using his cellphone .
people looking at produce .
two people in a market .
a man and woman are looking at merchandise .
a man and a woman are shopping .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
people crossing a bridge .
two children are walking down the street .
two boys , one wearing a yellow shirt and the other wearing a yellow shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two boys are standing in a crowd .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
people are looking at the shops at a plaza .
a group of people dressed in red and black are walking across a bridge .
a horse pulling a bull .
people are sitting on a boat in the water .
a man stands on a snowy mountain .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are riding horses .
two dogs are pulling horses .
two horses are pulling a dog .
an old man is standing next to a doorway .
a white haired man reading a sign .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man with a beard is leaning against a wall .
an old man is standing outside of a building .
a man leans against a wall .
a man is looking away from the camera .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is smoking a cigarette .
a man wearing a hat is smiling .
a man in a red shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man is working on a cellphone .
a man is working on a telephone booth .
a boy in a red shirt is doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a young boy in a blue shirt is doing a flip in the air .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man in rollerblades does a trick in front of a crowd .
a man skateboarding in a park .
a man is sliding down a railing .
a man in rollerblades slides down a railing .
a man doing tricks on a railing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a mountain climber wearing an orange shirt and blue jeans is climbing a mountain .
two men are standing next to each other in front of a wall with an open object .
a man is holding a backpack .
a group of people working on an elevator .
a man in a dark shirt is laughing .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is standing on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a busy city street .
young soccer players are running .
two rugby players in red and white uniforms play rugby .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a blue shirt is running down the street .
two men are standing in front of snow covered mountains .
a man in a red jacket is looking at a man in a red jacket .
a group of religious people are gathered together .
a man is looking at a mountain .
a man is walking past a building .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a woman in a red tank top and a man in a red tank top are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a woman in a white dress is eating .
a young woman is eating lunch outdoors .
two women are eating .
a man in a blue shirt is running with a firetruck .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is fencing .
a man is working on a fire .
a man shaving his hair .
two men are walking down the street .
three people are standing next to a motorcycle .
a man is jumping in the air .
three men are sitting on a bench .
men posing for a picture .
two members of a football team are playing football .
a crowd watches a football game .
a group of people are playing football in an orange field .
a group of people are watching a football game .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man smiles as he smiles .
a man is kicking a soccer ball .
a man is working on a project .
two women are taking a nap .
a baby is in a store .
a group of women are sitting in a room .
two women and a baby in a store .
two women are sitting at a table .
three people are walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a couch .
two african american women are standing in a grocery store .
two women in a store .
a group of women are sitting in a room .
people standing in a store .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a group of people sitting and talking .
a brunette is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a crowd .
a woman holding a cup walks down a street .
a woman is walking with coffee .
a woman in a pink shirt and blue jeans walking down the street .
a woman walking down a street .
a man in jeans is holding coffee .
a woman is holding a cup .
a woman is eating a watermelon .
a woman is eating fruit outside .
a woman shopping at a market .
a woman looking at fruit .
a woman eating fruit .
a man is playing tennis .
a dancer poses for a picture .
two women dancing in a street .
two women performing a dance .
two men dancing on a stage .
a baby is wearing a blue outfit .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a baby laying down on a blanket .
a baby crying .
a baby crying in his pajamas .
a man walks by a building .
an old man is walking down the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
two people sitting on a bench .
a man walking with his head down .
two people are sitting on a park bench .
two guys sitting around a table .
a woman sits next to a flower bed .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a construction site .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men are walking down a street .
a man with a fan is holding a fan .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting around a tent .
a group of people sitting and talking .
people at a festival .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is reading a book .
a man sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting on a bench .
several men talking at a dinner table .
a group of men talking to each other .
a woman in a black coat and a woman in a black coat .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a statue .
a woman leaving a large building .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a woman in a coat is standing in front of a store .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a blue dress walks down the sidewalk .
a skateboarder on the road .
a group of teenagers having a conversation .
a woman is getting ready to swim .
a bride and groom smile at the camera .
a crowd gathers under a tent .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing at a rodeo .
a woman is carrying a black umbrella .
a group of people at a gathering .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man running on the beach .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is running .
a man is running on a beach in the ocean .
a shirtless man in shorts and shoes is running .
a man is running down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is playing on a beach .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man on a beach in the ocean .
a woman in a white shirt is watching something .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at smoke .
a woman on top of a bowl .
a woman is looking at an exhibit .
a group of girls dressed in colorful clothing are standing in a field .
a group of young girls wearing skirts are walking down the street .
a group of children dressed in colorful costumes .
a woman getting ready to enter the water .
a group of people gather around a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
asian people carrying bags .
people walking through a station .
pedestrians walk down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
three dogs run into the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs running through water .
a dog is running through the ocean .
three dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the snow .
several children are standing next to a fence .
a man with a beard is standing next to a microphone holding papers .
a man sits next to a statue of a statue .
a group of people walking on a field .
a man stands in front of a statue .
a boy runs in the grass .
several people waiting in line at a street vendor .
a man and a dog walk down a street at night .
a small child runs through the grass .
a child playing in the snow .
a mother reading a book .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is digging in the sand .
a man is holding a shovel in his hands .
a child is sitting in a toy store .
a teenage boy in a blue striped shirt digging through hay .
a child playing with hay .
a man is playing in hay .
a man in a blue shirt is spraying rocks in a pile of hay .
a young girl is sitting on a playground .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth .
a girl in a black shirt and jeans is holding a necklace .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is holding something .
a group of people walk by an old building .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking down a street .
people walking past a building .
a woman is holding papers in front of a road .
a woman in a black top is standing next to a road .
a woman in black walks next to a road .
a woman standing next to a road .
a woman is walking down the street .
people are walking down a city street .
a man is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people talking to a crowd .
people listening to a lecture .
people walking in the shade .
a dog walks on the grass .
a dog walks across the grass .
a dog runs on the grass .
a black and white dog is walking through the grass .
a dog walks in the grass .
a black and white dog in the grass .
a black and white dog with a red collar in its mouth .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog running in the snow .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a man in a tuxedo is hula hooping by a crowd .
a man in a red shirt is dancing with a hula hoop .
a man is hula hooping .
a bride is hula hooping .
a person hula hooping .
a man in a wedding dress is playing with a hula hoop .
a group of people looking through a microscope .
a black and white dog is standing on the beach .
a woman in a blue dress is walking down the street .
a woman is walking in front of a store .
a woman walking in the city .
a woman walks down the street .
people having a conversation .
a street view of a city .
three people are having a conversation .
a child running on a track .
a man in a blue shirt sits on a wooden bench next to a man sitting on a wooden bench .
two women are riding bikes .
a man with a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are watching something .
a group of people are playing frisbee .
a man in a red shirt is playing a board game .
two men playing with a frisbee .
people playing tug of war with a frisbee .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
men playing football .
a dog in a parking lot in a parking lot .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass .
a dog is looking over a bridge .
two women are walking down the street .
two teams , one in blue and the other in red , are playing soccer .
a blond woman in a white dress laughs while holding her arm in the air .
a couple posing for a picture .
two men standing next to a race car .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a young boy is standing under a umbrella .
a sports car is being watched by spectators .
a group of cars on the street .
a sports car is being played on the street .
a car on a busy street .
a sports car is being watched by spectators .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman in a necklace is playing a game of jena .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing jena .
a woman is leaning against a girl playing jena .
a group of people playing soccer .
a small girl is playing jena .
a group of people riding bikes on the street .
a group of birds on a wall .
a man in a white shirt is watching a man in a white shirt .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a kilt is watching another man .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing in front of a group of people .
a man in a blue shirt is about to take a photo .
a crowd of people are watching a street performer .
a group of birds sit outside on the grass .
a man in a denim jacket is standing in a parking lot .
a man digging a sand castle .
several men are walking down the street .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are playing music on a stage .
a man in a black and red jersey is holding a football .
a man sitting in a chair with his ipod .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two children are dancing .
a dog is standing in the sand .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a group of dancers in a dance studio .
a dog plays in the sand .
a black dog running across the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog running in the water .
a dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog plays with a stick .
a dog playing with a stick .
a dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
two girls running towards a fountain .
a dog runs across a field .
a dog runs on grass .
a boy is climbing rocks .
three kids are jumping on a trampoline .
two girls in a park .
two dancers performing in public .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man smiles as he smiles .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a mother and two children are reading .
three people are walking down the sidewalk .
a boy slides down a snowy hill .
a child on a jet ski .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child on a jet ski in the snow .
a young boy in a snow covered coat stands in the snow .
a person in a red coat is standing in a doorway .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a group of cyclists racing on a track .
two people are competing in a race .
two bicyclists are taking a ride .
a woman in a white shirt is using her guitar .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a man is holding a guitar .
a person sitting on a bench .
two men are standing in front of a beach .
two middle eastern men are playing instruments .
two people are sitting on a mat .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a waterfall .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of birds are eating .
a man and a woman are sitting in chairs in lawn chairs .
a group of people sitting on a boat in the water .
a man feeding pigeons .
a man playing a guitar .
a picture of a man taking a picture .
a woman in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman in a red shirt looks at something .
a man and a woman are taking a picture .
a rollerblader skating on a ramp .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar and singing .
a group of people walking down a road .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
several asian people walk down the street .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is playing frisbee .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a band performs on stage .
a volleyball player blocks the volleyball on the beach .
a singer in a tan dress is singing into a microphone .
a group of women are performing in a band .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man watches as a dog watches .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog runs through the grass .
a woman is walking by a dog .
a dog runs in the grass .
a dog is running with a woman in a pink dress .
a black and white dog runs through tall grass .
a woman and a dog walk through a field .
a woman in a red shirt is running through the grass in front of a fence .
a woman in a red shirt and a dog in a field .
a woman is watching a dog race .
a woman and a dog walk through a field .
a woman is looking at a dog .
a dog runs through the field .
two people hugging each other .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
people standing outside of a red car .
a person is standing next to a car .
a man is sitting at a restaurant looking at food .
a person coming out of a car .
a woman is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a little girl in a pink shirt is touching a young boy .
a woman is holding a bouquet of flowers .
two people waiting for a train .
a lady is raising her hand .
a group of people in a field .
a man is playing volleyball .
a man is reading a newspaper at a subway station .
a man carrying a sign .
a motorcycle rider riding a motorcycle .
a man carrying a sign .
two indian men are walking down the street .
a motocross rider in the air .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of men dressed in green and white are dancing on a sunny day .
several couples are dancing in a park .
a group of middle aged couples are dancing in the middle of a street .
a woman reading a book at the subway station .
a chinese woman working on a piece of vegetables .
a woman in a white shirt is standing at a farmers market .
three men stand under an umbrella .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in the snow .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl in a blue dress is sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a white shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl climbing a rock .
a girl is standing in front of a bicycle rack .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a plane flies through the air .
a group of people are looking at something .
construction workers stand next to a rail .
two construction workers are looking off at the camera at a construction site .
a woman in a white shirt is applying produce .
a young boy is standing in front of a building .
a baseball player with a bat on his face .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a pinata .
a child in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are holding a piano .
a little kid is throwing a baseball bat .
a boy holding a bat .
a young boy is getting ready to take a picture .
a little boy is holding a bat .
a boy is trying to hit a pinata .
a man is boxing in a boxing match .
a lady in a white apron is cooking .
a factory worker working in a factory .
a man in a blue shirt is boxing at an arena .
a woman is preparing food .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a martial arts routine .
a man in boxing gloves is boxing .
an old man in a red coat is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man in black sits next to a wall .
a man leans against a building .
a dog runs through a car .
a black and white dog is jumping over a car .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a dog is running through a car .
a cowboy riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
a gray haired man wearing sunglasses and jeans is hitting a metal rod with a hammer in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is using a metal rod .
a black man in a black shirt is hammering a metal rod .
a man is working on a metal rod .
a man is working on a project .
a boy is holding a red bucket .
a man carries a horse in a blanket .
a horse is sitting on a horse .
a cowboy is running on a rodeo .
a gray horse is being held by a man in a green shirt .
a person is feeding a horse .
a horse is being held by a horse .
a horse rider is riding a horse .
a gray horse is eating .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl in a red uniform is standing in a crowd .
a female soldier wearing a red uniform is holding a flag .
a woman with a ponytail standing in the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a boy in a blue shirt .
a group of children riding bikes .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing on a boat .
two girls swimming in a pool .
two dogs on the beach .
a mother is riding a bike .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman in a black uniform is standing in a crowd .
a mother and son riding their bikes down the street .
a woman and her son are sitting on a bench .
two asian people are standing in front of a body of water .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men are posing for a picture .
a man laying on a park bench .
a dog leaps into the pool .
a black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool .
a dog jumps into a swimming pool .
a dog is jumping into a pool .
a dog jumps into the pool .
a little boy in a white shirt is petting a baby in a bed .
two children are playing in the water .
a group of people in the water .
two men are pushing a golf ball .
two children swimming in the ocean .
two police officers are on horseback .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man is sitting in the middle of a street .
a little girl is watching a little boy .
a man in a red shirt is looking at a table full of dishes .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a woman is holding a baby in her arms .
a man in glasses holding a baby in her arms .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
two dogs play in the pool .
a group of women are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are putting up makeup .
a woman is shopping at a store .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a man and woman are looking at each other .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two people working at a booth .
a man and a woman are sitting in a room .
a group of people are gathered around a television .
a man and a woman are standing in a kitchen .
two chefs working in a kitchen .
a little girl in a red jacket is standing in front of a mirror .
a person is showing her tattoo .
two teenage girls run down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man sitting by a large plant .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar .
a man and a woman are dancing in a band .
a man looking through a window window .
a man is standing in front of a cafe .
a man is standing in front of a business party .
a man is sitting on a bench next to a cafe .
a man is standing in front of a cafe .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man stands in front of a cafe .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man stands next to a shop window .
a man standing in front of a store with a shopping cart .
a man standing in front of a window .
a man is standing outside of a store .
a man reading a newspaper in front of a cafe .
a man is standing at a subway station .
a shoe is waiting for customers .
a man and a woman walk down a narrow street under a cloudy building .
a small child is holding onto a pole .
a black dog jumps over another small dog .
a child smiles at the camera .
a group of people in a race .
people walking down a street .
a boy poses for the camera .
a dog jumps over a dog .
a group of people walking down the street .
people are walking around a flea market .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a parking lot .
people are walking in a parking lot .
three people having a conversation .
a group of people gather around a tree .
a woman holding a baby under a tree .
two women shopping in a market .
a family stands near a tree .
two young women are walking down the street .
three girls talk in a parking lot .
three women are walking down the street .
two women talking on a cellphone .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
a couple walking down the street .
an athlete is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man with a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a family is having a good time .
a person is eating a meal .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a dog catches a ball .
a person is standing on a cliff .
a young boy in a blue shirt is showing his balance .
a child is smiling at the camera .
a child is smiling .
a smiling child smiles .
a child is smiling .
a kid in a blue shirt is smiling at the camera .
a young child is playing in a pool .
a man is smiling and smiling .
three men smiling and smiling .
a dog playing with a black dog .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a man speaks into a microphone .
people looking out the window of a bus .
a woman with brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt plays a video game .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a woman is performing with her band .
a woman in a white shirt is fixing a piece of paper .
a blond woman is making a face .
a woman is making a funny face .
a blond haired boy in a white shirt making a face face .
a person is making a funny face .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man with an axe is using an axe .
two dogs running in a field .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
two dogs are running together .
two dogs in a field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is working with a band .
two people standing on a snowy mountain .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing at a supermarket .
two young boys are smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is swinging his axe in front of wood .
a lady in a white shirt is about to dive .
a man is holding a camera .
two women hugging each other .
an older woman giving a hug to an older woman .
a woman hugging her child .
a woman hugging a young girl .
an elderly woman is hugging her daughter .
two women , one wearing a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are looking at the rails .
two men are walking down the street .
a photographer takes a photo .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture of a woman .
a photographer takes a picture .
a man in a black shirt is taking pictures .
a man taking a picture .
a man is preparing food .
a boy in a crowd of people in a crowd .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
a man in a white shirt is making a meal .
a man in a white shirt is preparing food .
a cook in a white t shirt grilling meat .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a person is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a gym .
a little girl is giving a hug .
a child in a santa suit is praying .
a young man in a blue shirt is teaching a volleyball .
a woman is working on a project .
a young girl dances with her arms .
a man in a wheelchair is on the sidewalk .
a man is trying to catch a fishing net .
a man stands near a body of water .
a man is looking at fish on a construction site .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a man is standing on a chair .
a worker in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
cyclists are racing in a race .
a woman in a hospital coat is sitting at a hospital counter .
a girl is riding a bike on a sunny day .
a woman is riding a bike .
two surgeons are working together .
two surgeons are performing surgery .
a patient is performing surgery .
doctors performing surgery .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt is drinking beer .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a bicycle rider rides down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is racing on a track .
a man in a blue shirt is shopping .
a baseball player holding a bat .
a man in a blue shirt looks at the camera .
a child on a red slide .
a young boy is smiling .
a man poses near a light post .
a batter in a baseball cap is playing a game .
a child is laying down on a blue slide .
a woman in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
three dancers are performing in the middle of a stage .
ballet dancers dressed in red dance .
two people are performing on stage .
a singer is singing into a microphone .
a man looking at something .
a man in a red baseball hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a jacket is holding up a sign .
an adult is holding something in his hand .
a man is holding a sign .
two children , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting on the road .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a man and a woman are working together .
a young person is standing on a sidewalk with a drink .
a child pushing a baby in a stroller .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bike .
a person carrying a large bundle of flowers .
a man is holding money .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a man is sitting on a bench .
people are playing hockey .
a man with a beard and beard holding a microphone .
a man is sitting at a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is licking the contents of a bowl .
a woman is listening to a woman playing a keyboard .
a woman in a white shirt is performing a concert .
a woman in a white shirt is playing the piano .
a woman is singing into a microphone on stage .
a boy poses for the camera .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
a man selling fruit .
a group of people sitting on a deck .
a couple sitting on a boardwalk on a boardwalk .
a soldier holds a gun while holding a gun .
a child is showing a young child .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a river in a river .
a man is fishing .
a woman laughing .
a man in a tan jacket is sitting on a bench .
a man is fishing .
a man is fishing .
a man is fishing .
a man is fishing .
a boy stands in shallow water .
a man is fishing .
two women are walking down the street .
three men working together .
three children are sitting at the beach .
a man is jumping in the air .
a young boy wearing a brown and black striped shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
two people are standing outside a building .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man is jumping in the air .
a child jumps in the air .
a person in a green shirt is jumping on a lawn .
people are running on a street .
a child wearing a green shirt and blue jeans is standing in a field .
a man is fixing his bicycle .
a girl wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is sitting on a horse .
kids playing in a park .
a cat and a dog are fighting .
a priest speaks into a microphone .
a machine is landing on a machine .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a metal machine .
a yellow machine is landing near buildings .
a large group of people are in the city .
a man is preparing to jump into the air .
a train station .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a young man playing a guitar .
a man and a woman are taking a picture .
a group of men are dancing .
a man and a woman dancing in front of a group of people .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a white dress is showing her tattoo .
a woman is sitting on a bench in front of a microphone .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman is reading a book .
a girl is jumping rope .
two women in colorful clothes are walking down the street .
a person is sitting on a rock .
a lady in a white shirt is standing at a market .
a man is climbing a cliff on a cliff .
a man climbing a mountain .
a rock climber scales a rock wall .
a man wearing a hat with a light look on his face .
a rock climber in an orange hard hat is rock climbing .
a rock climber is climbing a steep rock wall .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a person climbing a mountain .
a dog is running through the grass .
a man in a white jersey is running in a field .
a woman in a black sweatshirt and black pants is jumping rope against a fence .
a man is sitting in front of a table with graffiti on it .
two women walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two women walking down a street .
a person is diving into a pool .
a waterskier flies through the air .
a person is taking a drink .
a man running across a field .
two men wearing hats are standing in front of a building .
a man in a black shirt is drinking from a microphone .
a group of people sing into microphones .
a man is walking up a hill .
a man is taking a drink .
a woman in a white shirt is knitting .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
an elderly woman knitting with yarn .
a man in a red shirt is riding a parachute .
a man in a white shirt is knitting .
a man in a green shirt is playing golf .
people working next to a house .
two young girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on the ground .
people talking to each other .
two girls are standing outside of a building .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
two girls are walking together .
two dogs run through the grass .
two men are waiting at a restaurant .
two men waiting in line .
two men are sitting on cellphones waiting for the subway .
two men are waiting behind each other .
two men are waiting for a train .
a group of men wearing hats are standing in a room .
a dog is looking at the ball .
a dog is looking at a red ball .
shoppers shopping at a kitchen counter .
a man in a black shirt is juggling meat .
people are working at a market .
two men are looking at meat .
a group of men are examining meat .
a man is working on a grill .
two men jumping into the air .
a person in a black shirt with a black shirt on .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman with flowers sits next to a building .
two young children are playing in a room .
a group of women are having a conversation .
a man holding a flag .
two people kayaking in the water .
two people are sitting on the water .
two women are standing in a boat .
a group of people in the water .
a man and woman are paddling a boat .
a man carries a dog in a race .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a group of young adults play a board game .
a young man and three children are playing soccer .
children running after a soccer ball .
three kids playing soccer .
three children are playing soccer .
a child sliding down a slide .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping into a pool .
a person sliding down a diving board into a pool .
a child is taking a ride on the water .
a rider riding a bucking bronco .
a man climbing a rocky mountain .
a man laying on his back in a cave .
a man climbing up a hill .
a climber is climbing up a rock with a toothbrush .
a person climbing a rock .
two men are running on the beach .
two men are competing in a race .
a group of people are running .
two men are standing outside of a building .
two men are running on the beach .
a golfer is swinging on a golf club .
two people are drinking beer .
a man is pushing a cart on the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is bowling .
a group of people are preparing for the wine .
a man and a woman in a kitchen .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people standing around a table .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a lady is preparing a meal .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is pouring batter from a plate of batter .
a man in a green shirt is walking through the woods .
a person hiking down a mountain .
a man is climbing up a rocky mountain .
a woman in a white shirt is fixing food .
a man walks down a trail carrying his surfboard .
a man in a green jacket is standing in front of trees .
a dog playing with a toy toy .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog is about to catch a soccer ball .
a young boy with a beard is holding a paper .
a person selling items on the street .
a crowd of people are playing golf .
a woman selling vegetables on the ground at a market .
a white dog is chasing a yellow ball .
a man is standing on a ladder on a ladder .
a painter is sitting on a bench .
a man is painting on a ladder .
a worker standing by a telephone pole .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a black and white dog has its mouth open .
a black and white dog with a pacifier in its mouth .
a dog is being held by a man .
a woman in a winter coat is walking down the street .
a group of students are gathered around a large banner .
a woman in a white shirt is lifting something .
a group of people standing around a table .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a dog runs through leaves .
a dog runs past a stick .
a child is making a funny face .
a child making a face .
a child in a towel is looking at the camera .
a child in a blue shirt is looking through a mirror .
a kid in a blue shirt is making his face .
a white dog running in the snow .
a child plays on a playground .
a woman in a white shirt is trying to lift a bar .
a child in a blue shirt is on a ropes .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his hands .
a boy with glasses is standing on a rope in front of a rope .
a young boy is riding a rope .
a boy standing on a rope holding two ropes .
a boy is standing on a rope .
a group of people on a river .
a group of people are riding a boat .
two men working with wood .
a boat in the water .
a group of people are sitting on the water .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are gathered in front of a building .
a group of people standing next to a fire machine .
a man reading a book .
a man is riding a bike .
a band is performing on stage .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is riding a bike while others watch .
a person is pushing a stroller .
a lady and a child walk down the street in front of a metro booth .
a lady walking down the street .
a woman wearing black pants and a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman and a child are walking down the street .
a man reading a book .
a man with glasses is reading a book on a couch .
a man reading a book .
a man with glasses is reading a book .
a person is lying on a sidewalk .
an asian woman is preparing a meal .
two men are sitting on the floor .
two men sit on the floor .
a group of football players in red and white uniforms are playing football on a field .
a man is being carried by a man .
a group of people are coming out of a building .
a group of people walk by a building .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a lady is selling flowers .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
people are walking around in an old city .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a man and a woman are looking at each other .
a person is walking down the street .
a couple dancing and dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is sitting on a beach on a beach .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man speaks into a microphone .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is riding a motorbike at an event .
a person is riding a dirt bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a young boy rides a bike .
a boy is riding a bike .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
two men are walking down the street .
a little boy is running through the grass .
two men are walking through a snowy forest .
two men look at sheep in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a bathing suit is playing in the sand .
a boy running on the sidewalk .
a group of asian women are sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
an artist plays the guitar .
a man in a hat is eating something .
a dog plays with a toy toy .
a group of people in a market .
a man is cooking on a grill .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a young couple .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a child is painting a picture .
a child in a blue shirt is balancing on paint .
a boy picking up a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
a person is painting a painting .
a little girl in a green shirt is climbing a tree .
a girl is hiding in a tree .
a little girl looking at the camera .
a woman is climbing a tree .
a group of children are sitting at a desk reading a book .
a man is reading a book .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog poses for a picture .
a girl in a pink shirt is swinging on a swing .
a woman is using a computer computer .
a student in a blue shirt is sitting in a classroom .
a woman is working on a project .
a woman is sitting on a laptop computer .
a man is sitting in a chair in a room .
a group of people are in a room .
an elderly woman is holding a purse .
a group of children in a field .
children are swimming in a pool .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two girls posing for a picture .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
two girls , one in a red shirt and the other wearing a pink shirt , are posing for a picture .
two boys in a row of water .
two boys are playing in the water .
a man and a boy are sitting in a canoe on a river .
two boys in a boat on a lake .
two young boys are rowing a boat .
a person swimming underwater .
a woman looking out over a railing .
people watching a bike race .
a group of people in a race .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman looking at a building .
a group of people at a bike race .
a girl waits at the top of the steps .
two people are watching a river .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a man is looking over his drink .
a man and a woman are drinking out of drinks .
a group of people having drinks and drinks .
a father and his son drinking beer .
three people sitting and drinking beer .
a man is kissing a man in a blue shirt .
a man and a woman kissing on a pier .
two people kissing near a body of water .
a couple kissing and kissing .
a couple kiss on a bridge .
a boy is looking at a plate of food .
a man feeding seagulls .
a group of girls are walking down the street .
a biker takes off a ramp .
three men are standing on a motorcycle .
a group of people posing for the camera .
a group of people in an open area .
a man and a woman are hanging upside down .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people are standing outside a building with mountains in the background .
a horse is jumping over a fence .
a dog runs through the grass .
a horse in a field .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
two women pose for the camera .
a jockey in a white shirt is riding a horse .
three people are standing in a produce market .
a black and white dog is attempting to catch a pole .
a woman is reading a book .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a cement wall .
a group of workers wearing hard hats are working on a train .
two men are working on a railroad track .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a choir is singing into a microphone .
a man in a brown shirt is sitting on a bench .
two dogs play in the snow .
three women in costumes hold up cards .
a choir is performing in front of a building .
two women sing into microphones .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people are singing .
people standing around a boat at night .
a group of people are standing in front of a river .
people standing by a body of water .
a group of people are standing near water boats .
a group of people are standing in front of boats .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a man in a plaid shirt is looking at the camera .
a person is doing a trick on a basketball court .
a girl is sitting on a sink with her hands on her face .
a snowboarder in the air .
a snowboarder on a snowy mountain .
a snowboarder does a trick on a snowboard .
a snowboarder in the air .
a snowboarder in the air .
a snowboarder in the air .
a dog runs behind another dog .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are jumping in the air .
two dogs running in the snow .
three teenagers are outside of a building .
a man is standing on top of a cliff .
people in a plaza .
a man working with his hands .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a construction worker puts up a wooden plank .
a brown dog is holding a stick .
a man is holding a little girl 's hand .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a little girl is selling items .
a little girl is selling young boys .
a little girl in a pink dress is playing with a hula hoop .
a group of young boys are walking down the street .
a little girl is selling items in a mall .
a woman stands on a table with a drink .
a construction worker working on a machine .
a young girl is working on a project .
a gymnast is jumping over a hurdle .
a woman is performing gymnastics .
a woman doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a man and a woman are doing gymnastics .
a woman vaulting over a hurdle .
a woman jumps over an obstacle .
a woman is kneeling on a horse .
a woman in a red and white uniform is jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a girl is playing in a fountain .
a girl in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a child plays in a fountain while another child watches .
a girl in a white coat stands on the sidewalk .
a woman is blowing bubbles outside .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a man jumping into a swimming pool .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench .
a person dives for a ball in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming in a pool .
a man catching a football .
a young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a snowy landscape with trees in the background .
a person is running in a race .
a man in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a man in snowshoes runs through the snow .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is running through snow .
a man is running through a field .
a person in a red jacket is leaping across the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a young boy .
a little boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a little boy is trying to brush a woman 's hair .
a boy is brushing her teeth .
a boy is brushing her teeth .
a boy is holding a broom .
a woman with blond hair is brushing her teeth .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a brunette woman in a pink shirt and a woman in a black shirt are laughing .
a young girl with blond hair is playing with her hair .
a man in a white shirt is performing a concert .
a group of people are eating food .
a bicyclist rides on a rail .
two people are studying a piece of art .
a biker rides his bike at night .
a young boy rides his bike on the street .
a bicyclist is doing tricks on a bicycle .
a black and white dog jumps on another dog .
a little boy is looking at two boys .
two young boys stand next to a goat .
two boys are looking at a goat .
a group of children are standing in a field .
a group of people sitting on folding chairs and fishing .
a group of people are fishing .
two fishermen are standing on the shore of a boat .
a group of people are fishing .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
two men are dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people dancing on a stage .
a ballet dancer in a white shirt and black shorts is dancing .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a bike racer is driving a bike .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
two people on a subway platform .
a man and woman are looking at each other .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a group of people looking at something .
two people are looking at each other .
two people are waiting for each other .
two asian people looking at each other .
two people waiting for a train .
two people are facing each other .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is performing ballet .
an old man is walking down the sidewalk .
a couple relaxing on a bench .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a couple sitting on rocks overlooking the mountains .
a man and a woman sitting on a rock .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is putting his pants on .
a man is putting on a piece of wood .
a man in a blue shirt with a tattoo on his face .
a man in a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
two girls practicing their routine .
women holding hands .
a group of young girls playing volleyball .
two young girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in
the volleyball team is competing in a volleyball game .
two men are cutting a cake .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
two dogs are biting each other in the grass .
two dogs are biting each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog has its face in the air .
a man playing a musical instrument .
a dog runs through the park .
a child is blowing bubbles .
a child in a mask sits at a dinner table .
a child is sitting at a restaurant table .
a child poses for a picture .
a boy in a mask is holding a mask .
two girls ride on a green swing ride .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a black dog and brown dog on the ground .
a singer is playing the guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
two dogs run in the water .
an older woman looking at produce .
a woman in a white shirt is bending over in front of a building .
a group of people at an outdoor market .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a girl in a red dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman in a black shirt poses for the camera .
a woman in black is posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman poses for a picture .
a person poses for a photo with a heart .
a dancer is dancing .
a group of people dressed in costumes .
two dancers in blue and white outfits perform .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two gymnast performing a routine .
a man in a black and white checkered shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt does a trick on stage .
a woman skis down a snowy slope .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a firefighter in the mud .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
five hikers hiking in the woods .
two dogs play in a pond .
a woman in a green shirt and a woman in a green shirt are standing in a grocery store .
a woman in a turban praying .
a man in a red shirt is paddling a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is doing some kind of exercise .
a woman is handing out out of juice .
a young woman in a blue shirt is giving a birthday of fruit .
a young person in an orange shirt is walking down the street .
a young woman is standing next to an old woman .
an older woman is handing out a cup of watermelon while a young woman watches .
a man is standing on the beach at the beach .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man kicking his leg in the air .
a woman in a blue shirt cutting a cake .
a man in a suit is singing to a crowd of people .
a large group of construction workers are digging in the yard .
two people are sitting on a park bench .
three men are working outside a building .
people eating food .
three men are walking by a boat .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a group of children playing in the water .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
two children are playing in the water .
kids playing in the water .
two children are playing in the snow .
workers working on a train station .
construction workers working on a construction site .
two horses in a field .
two horses in the snow .
two horses in a field .
a woman is riding a horse drawn carriage .
two horses pulling a cart .
a woman is riding a bicycle in an old fashioned vehicle .
a man is pulling a cart on a cart .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
six swimmers competing in a race .
a woman is playing an instrument .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
two swimmers competing in a game .
two people in white outfits are fencing .
a group of people are competing in a race .
men competing in fencing .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are holding fencing .
a group of soldiers are sitting on a bench .
a dog plays in the snow .
a young woman in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are at a conference .
a woman in a blue shirt is working with a woman in a blue shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is dancing in front of soldiers .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people watching an event .
two soldiers are watching a woman doing push ups .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs after a ball .
a view of a balcony .
a man in a hard hat is standing on a balcony holding a sign .
a man is holding a sign .
a man is standing on a balcony .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture of a building .
a black and white dog is chasing a ball in the driveway .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a black and white dog is trying to catch a ball .
a dog runs towards a ball .
two men having a conversation .
a man in a hat is holding a torch .
women doing roller derby .
a group of women wearing rollerskater .
a woman is skating with a woman in a blue shirt .
two girls rollerskating in a gym .
a dog is trying to catch a frisbee .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
a large white dog jumping up to catch a toy .
a dog catching a frisbee .
a white dog with a pink collar is playing with a pink frisbee in its mouth .
two dogs play in the snow on a sunny day .
a group of people are sitting on rocks .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs run on the rocks .
two dogs run through the grass .
a person with a tattoo on her face .
two men are having a conversation outside .
a construction worker in a safety vest is sitting on the ground .
a man in an orange vest is standing on a bus .
a man in an orange vest is taking a picture of a bus .
a man in a white shirt is working on a bus .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
students are playing instruments .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of men looking at crops .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a man and a woman on a beach .
a group of young boys are rollerskating .
two women looking at a table .
three boys playing basketball .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a policeman is working on a street .
a group of people are standing at a public event .
a smiling baby is playing with a baby .
a group of people are having a conversation in a church .
a group of adults are eating at a house .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman sitting on a couch with her laptop .
a group of people are eating food .
a woman is using a laptop .
two women are running on a beach .
a group of women are dancing .
two young women on a beach .
two women doing yoga .
people looking at something on a table .
two women in front of a piece of paper .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a tennis racket .
a boy poses for a picture .
two men working on pottery .
two women are writing .
a little boy is raising his hand .
two women are writing on a sheet of paper .
a boy in shorts and a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child with no shoes on is walking down the sidewalk .
a little girl is running along the edge of a merry go round .
people are hanging out in a town square .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are watching a man .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is standing outside of a large tree .
an older lady with a cane is walking on a sidewalk .
an elderly woman is walking on a sidewalk near trees .
a woman in a pink jacket is standing in a parking lot .
an asian man and a woman are preparing food at a buffet .
a woman in a pink dress is walking in a parking lot .
a woman looking off into the distance .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a statue .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
two boxers in the water .
a group of people are walking on a beach .
a man is working on a sheet of ice .
a man with a beard is playing a guitar .
two men working on a window .
a small dog walks in the snow .
a black and white dog is walking through the snow .
a dog is standing in the snow .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass .
a couple having a conversation .
a group of people gather around a table .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people taking pictures of a house .
two men are walking down the street .
five people are sitting on boats .
men sitting on benches on benches .
a man is working on a project .
a person is riding a bike .
a black man is sitting on a bench .
people looking at something .
a musician playing a guitar on a street .
a cyclist does tricks on a bicycle .
an artist sits in front of an art gallery .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a motocross rider in the air .
a person is riding a bike .
a man doing tricks on a ramp .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is looking out at a crowd of people .
a crowd of people walk down a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a man with a blue bucket .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a man 's shoulders .
two people are working on a train .
workers repairing a train .
a group of people wearing coats .
two people in orange coats are looking at something .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
two men work around a train .
two people working on train tracks .
a man and woman are hugging each other .
a man sitting on a fence looking at a fence .
a man in a hat is walking past a group of people .
two men are working on a roof .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of men in a boat with their dogs .
a group of men standing around a table .
a group of people are on a boat .
three teams are standing on a boat with a dog .
a group of people are cheering .
a boy is holding an umbrella .
a group of people in a basketball game .
a group of men playing basketball .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
two men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are performing on a stage .
two women walking towards the door of an old building .
two guys are sitting on a bench .
a man with dreadlocks is holding a microphone .
a man and a woman are walking down a city street .
people shopping in a street .
two people walk down the street .
a smiling child in the snow .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing on a moped .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a toddler is playing with bubbles .
a girl balances on a balance beam .
a group of girls jumping over each other .
two young children playing in a pool .
two people are sitting in front of a lake .
a man in a red shirt and tan vest is standing in front of a body of water .
a man is performing on stage .
a group of hikers are hiking through the woods .
two guys playing guitars on stage .
a guitarist sings into a microphone .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a
the water is in the water .
a man is swimming in the water .
a person in a blue shirt is looking at the sky .
a group of people in the water .
a person is swimming in the water .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in front of an amusement park ride a bicycle .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is waiting for a train .
a group of people dressed in red and white outfits are playing instruments .
a roller coaster on a roller coaster .
a man and a woman sitting next to each other .
a group of people are playing in a game .
a man sitting on a chair on a chair .
a man and a woman are planting plants .
two white males playing music .
a group of people looking at something .
two men are walking away from each other .
a group of people are watching a store .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a large crowd of people are walking on a city street .
there is a large sign .
a large group of people walk down a street in new york city .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
an older woman and a child are playing with plastic blocks .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is running down the street .
a man in a red shirt is on a red carpet .
a young girl wearing a red dress is standing in the street .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person is running in a race .
a runner is running up a hill .
a man in a white shirt is holding two white puppies .
a fire in a fire .
a person walking down the street .
a man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street with two dogs .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street with two dogs .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are playing in the snow .
a man smoking a cigarette .
two people talking on a cellphone .
a man and a woman at a grocery store .
a man and woman are having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
two men are having a conversation .
two men are having a conversation .
a man and woman are talking to each other .
a man in a black shirt is standing on the street .
two men are speaking into microphones .
a bicyclist is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a suit is riding a bike with a man in a suit .
two people are standing outside of a building .
two people are talking on cellphones .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man sitting next to a water fountain .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man sitting on a bench talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking to a man .
three people are playing in a fountain .
a group of people on cellphones .
people sitting around a fountain .
a group of people are talking on cellphones .
a group of people are standing in front of a fountain .
firefighters working on a fire pit .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a bride and groom are playing a game .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a man in a black shirt is singing on stage .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt looks at a computer screen .
a woman is taking pictures .
a man is doing a handstand on his knees .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man walks away from another man .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man wearing a scarf walks down a stage holding a microphone .
a man is carrying a microphone .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a black man sleeps in a leather jacket .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a black jacket is sleeping on a bus .
a man in black is sleeping .
a woman sits in front of a harbor .
a woman in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at her nails .
a girl is sitting on the ledge of a ledge .
a young girl is sitting on a wall .
a group of people are walking on a path .
the cars are racing .
a car drives around a corner .
the vehicle is racing .
a rally car race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is attempting to hit the top of the top .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is looking at something .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a brick wall .
a woman stands in front of a statue .
a little boy climbing a statue .
a group of people working at a convention shop .
a dog runs through snow .
a dog runs in the snow near a fence .
a baseball player in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man and a woman are preparing food .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
workers preparing food .
two men are performing in front of an audience .
an older man pointing at something .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of dancers in a dance studio .
two men wearing suits are talking to each other .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing next to two children .
a man hiking in the snow .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a tennis player holding up a tennis racket .
a man is walking through a snowy mountain .
a man climbing up a snowy path .
a man is hiking in the snow .
a group of people are competing in a race .
two men in white jerseys and one man in a black jersey and one man in a black jersey and a man in a black jersey and one man in a black jersey and a man in a black jersey and a man in a black jersey .
soccer players playing soccer on a field .
a guy in a red shirt is showing off his tennis ball .
five people are competing in a race .
a child is looking at the camera .
a group of men wearing yellow safety vests are working on a train .
a woman is dancing in the water .
an elderly man with a cane stands with a newspaper .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are standing in front of a building .
two men sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a camera .
a man in a green jacket is reading a book while another man looks on .
two men in a swimming pool .
a family looks at an aquarium .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a banjo .
a person is reading a book outdoors .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a man and two children are watching an aquarium .
a man and two children are looking at fish .
a group of people are looking at an aquarium .
a child sitting on a pillow .
a man with headphones , wearing headphones and headphones .
two dogs stand in front of a food stand .
two dogs are sitting in a room .
a group of dogs are gathered around a table .
two women are performing on stage .
two dogs are fighting .
a man is working on a project .
a person in a wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
a girl in a pink shirt sitting in a bench .
two men are sitting at a picnic table .
a person wearing a ponytail and black dress is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking on the street .
a young boy is playing hockey .
a young boy kneeling on a blue mat .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing a game .
the goalie in red slides down the goal .
a man with a guitar hugs a young child in a pink shirt .
a man and a woman are shaking hands on the camera .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in front of an older man .
two children are playing with paint .
two children with painted faces .
two children paint on their face .
two children are sitting next to each other .
two children are painting a picture .
a person in a red shirt is walking down a city street .
a hockey goalie in front of the goal .
a goalie in a red and blue strip uniform is standing in the middle of the goal .
a hockey player in a red and white uniform is bending down on the field .
a female athlete in a red shirt and blue shorts is on a roller coaster .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two dogs run through grass .
a group of people are standing by a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a duck is running through the water .
a football player in an orange uniform is running with a football player in the background .
a duck is being held by three children .
a group of people are running in a marathon .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a duck is looking at the camera .
a duck in front of three children .
a woman is walking down the street .
a dog and a little boy play in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a little boy runs towards a duck on the street .
a boy runs towards a bird .
a little boy is running in the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is running towards a duck .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog jumps off a porch .
a dog jumps off a porch .
a dog runs through the snow .
a runner is running .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing through a building .
a group of people standing and talking .
a car parked behind a car .
a blue car with a blue car on it .
a man is posing in a window .
a woman is putting on display .
a woman is standing next to a car .
an old man sitting on a bench .
a man in a hard hat is working on a roof .
an old man sitting in a doorway on a stool .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
an old man is sleeping on a bench .
an elderly man sleeping on a stool .
a woman is selling items .
a group of people are standing next to a car .
people wash a car .
workers working on a car .
men working on a car .
a group of people at a car wash .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt sit next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to a man in a white shirt .
a man and a woman dressed in white are sitting next to each other .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man and woman walk near a gate .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting on the back of a bicycle waiting for his bike .
a person looking at the sky .
a group of children are riding on a bike .
two children ride a bicycle .
a woman is selling candy .
two people are sitting near a large pile of colorful candy .
a man and a woman are eating food .
two people are sitting on a ledge next to a stone wall .
a couple sitting next to candy .
a man and a woman are sitting next to a tower .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a woman with red hair and a red shirt is holding a red purse .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in a forest .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting on a tree .
a little girl in a green shirt is climbing a tree .
a woman is standing on the ground with a woman standing on the ground .
a woman in a hat selling food .
a woman in a white shirt and white pants is standing in front of a store .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a counter .
a man working at a construction site .
a woman is working on a project .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking out at a screen .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting at a table with white flowers .
a woman sitting at a table with a sign on it .
a woman is waiting for a presentation at a table .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
a man is waiting for the light .
people hiking on a beach .
a woman is sitting with a man in a white shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are eating .
a woman is sitting on her stomach on her stomach .
two people are sitting on a bench .
two women standing by a man talking on his cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman wearing hats .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
two girls wearing boots are walking down the street .
a man and a puppy in a field .
a woman holding an umbrella .
a group of people walk down the street .
a lady is holding an umbrella .
a man and a dog in a field .
a woman walks away from a group of people .
a woman walks past a crowd of people .
a surfer is surfing a wave .
people surfing on a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
swimmers are swimming in the water .
a man carrying a flag in his hands .
two men are riding a bicycle .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a young woman is walking in a field .
a woman walks in the middle of a road .
a lady is crossing the street carrying a purse .
a woman is walking three dogs in a field .
a woman in a white shirt is walking on a beach .
two men and women talking to each other .
four workers are planting leaves .
a group of people are helping a tree .
four men are working together .
construction workers on the side of a road .
construction workers on the side of a road .
a city scene of a city .
a man is holding a beer .
a man with a pink shirt and a girl in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
construction workers trying to pull a tree .
four men are walking down the street .
four workers working on a construction site .
construction workers working on a project .
four people are working together .
a woman dressed in black is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are walking down a sidewalk .
a police officer is standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are leaving a kitchen .
a woman opening a door .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is pushing a coffee cart down a sidewalk .
a woman pushing a cart down a street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman walks through a plaza .
a woman is pushing a coffee cart .
a man in a white shirt is opening a tree .
a dog is trying to catch a ball .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a soccer player is playing with a string .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a dog playing with a toy toy .
a dog catching a frisbee .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog catches a frisbee in the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are walking down a city street .
a woman is walking down the street with a shopping bag .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people walk around in the street .
two women are walking down a city street .
a priest gives a speech .
a dog jumps in the air .
a snowboarder does a trick on a snowboard .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a woman is laughing next to a young girl .
a man working on a project .
a cook preparing food .
a man working on a roof .
a young person holding a fan .
a motocross rider is performing a trick in the air .
two bikers are riding a bike .
two men are riding bikes .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a woman is making drinks on a grill .
two dogs play in the sand .
a group of soldiers are jumping over a barricade .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
three people on a swing .
a man in a black shirt is playing a musical instrument .
two children are playing in the snow .
three children , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a woman is holding a cup .
a man and a woman are standing outside a building .
a woman is riding a baby stroller .
a man and a baby are laughing .
a woman is walking down the street with her shoes .
a black man in a blue shirt holding a metal bar .
a police officer and a police officer in front of a police van .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a martial arts demonstration .
a man is walking down the street .
a man working on a roof in a city .
a woman in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a man on a roof does a kite .
a man wearing camouflage pants is standing in front of an audience .
a boy jumping in the air .
a bike rider jumps off a ramp .
a person is walking down the street .
a child doing tricks on a bike .
a bmx biker in the air .
two women painting a picture .
a woman is painting a picture .
a woman is painting a picture .
a lady is painting a stack of boxes .
a person in a white shirt is standing near a river .
a large building in the river .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a person is looking at a building .
a group of women in dresses are talking to each other .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two women are walking down the street .
a man in a leather jacket is standing in front of a building .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are competing in a game .
a child is watching a baseball .
a smiling child runs through a puddle .
a young boy is running in a race .
two lacrosse players are laying on the grass .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
two teams are playing football on a field .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man playing a guitar .
three men are working on a wall .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a man jumping in the air .
a man in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a drummer plays the drums .
a man playing a drum .
a man in a white shirt is playing with a large drum .
a man in a red shirt playing the violin .
a man is playing a guitar .
three people are standing near a river .
a man is leaning against a door .
a man sleeping in a chair .
two men are having a drink .
a busy city street with many people .
a busy city street .
people walking down a city street .
two men drinking beer .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down a street .
construction workers are digging in the dirt .
a man is standing in the middle of a cliff .
a group of children looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is brushing his teeth .
a man is painting a picture .
a man in a red shirt is writing on another man 's face .
a man is painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a
a bearded man with a beard , wearing a superman hat , with a name tag on it , is plowing the street .
a man in a blue shirt is bending over in front of a building .
a man is using a metal object .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a bridge .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing a tree .
two children are having a conversation .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is sitting in the shade with his hands in the shade .
a young adult in a yellow shirt and white hat is looking away from a man in a blue shirt .
a man is looking at another man .
a small child is standing in front of some trees .
a man is watching a child in a park .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a child .
a man is looking at a small child in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are talking on a trail .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people hiking through the woods .
two young adults are sitting on a bench .
an asian girl in a pink dress is walking on a sidewalk .
a woman is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman is standing on a curb .
a woman is standing on the sidewalk .
a man is riding a bicycle .
asian woman waiting for an event .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
two men are on a jet ski .
a man in a black vest dancing .
a tennis player in a red shirt is playing a tennis ball .
a tennis player hits the ball .
a tennis player in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a crowd watches a tennis match .
a crowd watches a tennis match .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of young people are playing in a pool .
a woman is watching a martial arts event .
a boy with paint painted on his head is sitting on a rock .
a little boy climbing a rock .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a group of young people playing soccer .
a basketball player in a white jersey and blue shorts is playing the drums .
a group of players in a field .
a man in a red shirt is riding a sport bike .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people playing soccer .
a woman is sitting in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a child in a blue shirt is crying .
a child is standing in front of a mirror .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a child is carrying a bunch of balloons .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a group of men are cheering .
a group of people are fencing .
a group of people are fencing .
two athletes competing in a competition .
a man and a woman are fencing with one another .
two people are fencing .
a boy brushing his teeth in a bathroom .
a woman is shopping at a market .
a woman is shopping for food .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is buying something .
a woman buying groceries .
a woman buying groceries .
a person sitting on a bench in a public area .
a woman is throwing water into a pool .
a girl jumping over concrete steps .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a snowboarder performs a trick on a mountain .
a man snowboarding .
a group of people sitting in folding chairs .
a large crowd of people sitting in folding chairs .
people sitting in the sun .
a woman in a black shirt dancing .
a girl in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a person on a city street .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is hula hooping .
a man leaning against a wall .
a puppy runs through the grass .
a group of people in a boat .
a dog catches bubbles on the grass .
a dog plays with bubbles .
two girls are lying on a couch .
a group of people standing in front of a sign .
a man driving a boat .
a man in a red shirt working on a device .
men standing in front of flags .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a group of men .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a flag .
two people smile and smile .
two men in canoes in canoes .
a group of people in canoes on the water .
the bride and groom are laughing .
two men are sitting in a canoe .
a bride and groom on a wedding day .
a group of young girls are having fun and laughing .
two men talking to each other .
two women walking down the street .
a group of women are sitting around a table .
two women eating in a mall .
a man is riding a horse .
two men are riding horses .
a group of people are riding horses .
two men are riding horses on horses .
two men are riding horses .
a group of men dressed up in costumes .
children playing soccer on a field .
a man wearing a motorcycle helmet rides an atv .
people are on a carnival ride .
a group of people at a carnival .
two children are riding on a ride .
a man in a cowboy hat is sitting at a rodeo .
a doctor in a white shirt is performing a surgery .
a doctor is looking at something .
a man is working in a hot sun .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a motorcyclist rides a motorcycle .
a doctor in a white shirt is looking at an elevator .
two boys are riding a bike .
a man and a woman are riding bikes down the street .
two boys ride down a street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
three men are laughing on the floor .
two boys are playing soccer .
an older man in a green shirt is looking at a boy with a ball in his mouth .
a group of football players are playing football .
four children are sitting on a four wheeler .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a soldier is jumping in the air .
soldiers working on an airplane .
a wakeboarder is in the air .
a group of men in military military uniforms .
a group of children are playing string string .
a boy looking at a rock .
a group of people are watching a basketball game .
a man and a woman are standing next to a speaker .
a black man in a black shirt is cooking .
two girls sliding down a slide .
two children are jumping in a pool .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a group of children are paddling down a water slide .
a group of children at an amusement park ride .
two children are playing with string instruments .
two children sledding down a hill .
a group of people are eating .
a woman in a black shirt is standing at a street festival .
a man in a white shirt pouring meat from a grill .
a woman in a colorful outfit is dancing .
a group of young people jump in the air .
a group of people playing tennis on a clay court .
a group of people are having fun .
a person is jumping over a ramp .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a guy skateboarding on a ramp .
a man does a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a snowboarder flies over a ramp .
a group of people at the beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through tall grass .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a person wearing jeans and a blue shirt is walking down a sidewalk .
bikers are riding on a street .
a man in a white shirt is using a leaf blower .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man working on a lawn .
a man digging a hole in the yard .
a worker working on a rooftop .
a man and a woman are working on a roof .
a worker in a hard hat is working on a rooftop .
a man and a woman work on a rooftop .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a tree .
a person in a white shirt is using a lawn tool .
a man with a hard hat is cutting wood on a lawn .
a person is doing a lawn work .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people enjoying a picnic .
a young couple is dancing in a desert .
a group of people are watching the ocean .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a large group of people are gathered around a table .
four couples are performing on stage .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a group of people in the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a dog show .
two dogs are running in the grass .
a black and white dog is running in a race .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of people are performing on a beach .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing in a pool .
a group of men playing pool .
a man in a white shirt is playing in a gymnasium .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in a pool .
a man prepares to take a shot in front of a crowd .
a man is playing in a pool .
a man is playing in a pool .
a boy skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two dogs play in the water .
children sitting on a rock in the hot sun .
a man is sitting in front of buckets of buckets .
three adults are standing on the street .
a woman is talking to a man in a white shirt .
an elderly asian woman with a red long sleeved shirt is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman stands next to a man next to a man in a white shirt .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a man in a suit is wearing a suit .
two people are talking to each other .
a woman is talking to a man with a cane .
a man and a woman talking to each other .
a man with a cane is holding a cane .
a woman and a man having a conversation .
a cowboy in a cowboy hat holds onto a bucking bronco .
a lady in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is holding a stuffed animal .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a green floor .
a woman stands next to a stuffed animal in a room .
a woman in a black and white striped striped shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a uniform is reading a book .
a group of men in a room .
a group of people are writing .
three men are sitting on the floor in front of a green brick wall .
three men sitting on a bench .
a child is reading a book .
a man in a white shirt is using a cellphone .
a man in a plaid shirt is standing in a doorway .
a man with gray hair is sitting on a bench .
an older man walks down the street .
a man standing in front of a restaurant talking .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a person is riding a red parachute .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man is parasailing in the ocean .
a person is swimming in the water .
a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
an old man with a tray of food .
four people in a parade .
a woman in a black shirt is applying yarn .
a man on a hill looking out over a town .
people on a bus .
three men are doing gymnastics .
two women looking at each other .
a woman wearing a hat and a hat is wearing a hat .
a young woman is using a sewing machine .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is singing at a nightclub .
a group of people having a conversation .
a woman in a white shirt is selling herself .
two men are sitting on a bench looking at something .
a woman is putting down a rug .
a city street with graffiti on it .
four women dressed in formal attire are dancing .
four women dressed up in traditional costumes stand together .
a group of asian people working on a project .
four people dressed in costumes .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of women dressed up in traditional clothing .
a man and woman serving food .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a fishing pole .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a festival .
two teams are playing soccer .
a person is sailing in the ocean .
a person is sitting in the water .
a boat on the waves .
two teams playing soccer .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting on a bench .
a man is in a laundry room .
a man is sitting in a bathroom .
a man in a black shirt is sitting at a counter .
a man holding a cup standing in the bathroom .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the bathroom .
a man in a bathroom in a bathroom .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a building .
a man poses for a picture .
people running down the road .
a man in a jacket waits in a laundromat .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a bathroom .
a group of people sitting in a park .
a band is playing music .
a band plays on stage .
a band plays on a stage .
two guys playing basketball in a field .
a referee jumps in a hockey game .
five people on ice hockey .
a referee in a white shirt is trying to block a referee in a hockey game .
a hockey player in a white jersey is playing a hockey game .
a man walking down the street carrying two bags .
three men , one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are looking at something .
a group of people are looking at cellphones .
a dog with a toy in his mouth .
a black and white dog walks down the street .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black dog carries a white dog through tall grass .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a dog carrying a toy in its mouth .
a black dog stands in the grass with an object in his mouth .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a golden retriever plays with a toy toy .
a dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog in a grassy field
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a man walks down a crowded street .
a black and white dog has its mouth open .
a brown dog plays in the sand .
the brown dog is running .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a woman walking on a city sidewalk .
a young girl drawing a picture .
a lady in a white shirt and jeans is sitting in a bathroom .
several people waiting to cross the street .
an elderly woman is serving food .
a bike rider riding a bike .
a young woman getting a haircut .
a young adult with blond hair is helping a young child .
a woman getting her hair done .
a young lady getting a haircut .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an older man is trying to sell bread .
a young girl is getting a haircut .
a woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is holding her hand in a pot .
a woman is looking back at the camera at the camera .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a teenage boy does a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man getting a haircut .
two men waiting in the rain .
a black and white dog is shaking its mouth .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog is playing in the sand .
a man and a woman play a game .
a brown dog jumping out of the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of people are playing outside .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a dog tries to catch a stick .
a man in a hat stands behind a wall .
a person wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a man and a woman dancing and dancing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman dancing in a studio .
two people dancing on a stage .
two girls dancing on stage .
a girl dances with a group of people .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a small pile of small leaves .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a group of boys are standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a small dog is walking through the grass .
two women are using a loom .
three guys are standing outside of a building .
three people are playing with a dog .
a group of people in a city .
a child with a bag is holding a bag .
a little girl with blond hair is holding a candle .
a little girl is eating lunch .
a child sits on a park bench .
a man in a blue jacket is shoveling snow .
a young man surfing a wave .
a group of people are in a race .
a lady is reading a book .
a person walking down the street .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman reading a magazine .
a woman is reading a book .
a man is reading a magazine .
a skateboarder jumps from a pool in front of a crowd of people .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman dressed in black is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a person with an umbrella walks by a fence .
a person walking down the street .
a woman is holding a child .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing the saxophone .
a bird is on rocks .
a man sings into a microphone .
a man is holding a saxophone .
a saxophone player playing the saxophone .
a runner running on a track .
a little girl is laying down on the ground .
a woman is carrying a camera .
two men are looking at a drill .
a blond haired blond girl is holding something .
a child in a blue shirt is reaching up .
two men are having a conversation .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people are dancing for an audience .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl is looking out at the water .
a group of young girls dancing .
a man and a woman walk past a colorful window .
a man in a red shirt is playing tennis .
two elderly people carrying newspapers .
two women pose in front of a car .
a man is eating food .
a group of men are preparing food .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are looking at their faces .
a man standing at a podium .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a little girl is kissing a young girl .
a man is speaking at a podium .
two children are playing in the water .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
children enjoying themselves from a fountain .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
a group of people are swimming in a fountain .
two dogs run with a ball in the grass .
two people are sitting on a rock .
a group of people are enjoying bubbles .
a team of football players getting ready for the ball .
a man in a black shirt is doing a trick in the air .
two women are standing on a snowy mountain .
a motorcycle racer in the desert .
two men talking on a cellphone .
a girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a man is painting a picture on a small loom .
a woman is painting a picture with a painting .
two men are working in a kitchen .
two men are looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a motorcycle .
a homeless man is reading a newspaper .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a man standing outside of a building .
a person standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing next to a car .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people having a conversation .
two men are sitting on a bed on a bed .
a man kissing a little girl .
several people are sitting on motorcycles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of motocross racers are competing in a race .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people racing bikes in a field .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are helping each other .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are cleaning a pool of water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a woman in a white shirt .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a group of people are dancing .
a young man and woman are jumping in the air .
a group of people at an event .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a street performer performs on his guitar .
a man playing a guitar on a street .
a guitarist playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a woman is standing by a plant .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a man is playing the guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar next to a garbage bag .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing a guitar on a sidewalk .
a man playing a guitar on a sidewalk .
a man is smiling and smiling .
two men are performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people are playing instruments in a band .
a guitarist sings into a microphone .
a man in a red shirt is jumping
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is protesting a ticket .
a dog runs through the snow .
a soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
a market market with customers .
a person climbing a cliff .
a group of people walking on the beach .
a tractor on the beach .
a group of people on a beach in front of buildings .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are looking at a man in a white shirt .
a snowboarder is sitting on the snow .
a snowboarder in the air .
a snowboarder in the air .
a person sitting on a bench .
a snowboarder in the air .
a raft in the water .
a young child brushing his teeth .
a person is sitting on a slope .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a snowboarder in the air .
four skiers on a snowy mountain .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a bird is on rocks .
a little girl is jumping in the air .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy is sitting and fishing .
a boy fishing off a pier .
a group of people are standing near trees .
a person climbing up a mountain .
a group of people are standing on a street .
a woman in a white shirt is watching a man .
a lady is walking down the street .
two female soccer players compete for the ball .
a boy is shooting a blue ball .
men playing basketball .
a black and white dog in a yard .
a soccer team is playing a game .
a soccer player in red is holding a soccer ball .
two girls playing soccer .
a group of girls are playing soccer .
two girls playing soccer .
a child is pushing a shoe .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two girls are playing soccer .
a person is raking leaves .
a family is in the desert .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a mother and her two children are laughing .
an african family are standing in the sun .
a woman hula hooping .
a man sitting in a chair with his instruments .
teenagers having a drink .
a boy is climbing a rock wall .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young boy is holding onto a bar .
a boy is playing in the snow .
a boy is climbing a rock wall .
a boy is playing in the yard .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy plays in the snow .
a child is climbing a rock .
a child climbs a ladder .
a child making a funny face .
a child is standing on a ladder with his tongue out .
a child in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
a girl in a bathing suit is playing in the water .
a man in a red shirt is riding his bike on a road .
a person is riding a bike .
a bicyclist is riding in a race .
a group of men wearing military gear .
a man is taking a picture of a dog .
a man in a military uniform looks at a dog .
a man with a brown dog is running with a dog .
a man is looking at his dog .
a man and his dog are examining something .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man is working with a dog .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a military uniform is speaking into a microphone .
a black and white dog is watching a man in a white shirt .
a man in military military gear is standing in a field .
a man is standing in front of a market .
a child is reading a book .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a group of musicians are playing instruments outside .
two dogs are jumping over each other .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a person is riding a bicycle .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is twirling a purple object .
a man in a suit walks down a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people are running on the sidewalk .
a girl is washing the water with her hands in her hand .
people walking in a city .
a girl reading a book in a bedroom .
a black and white dog is looking at the camera .
a man with a brown dog and a black dog is playing with a dog .
a person shaving his face .
a man is working on a fence .
a man using a chainsaw to fix a fence .
a man is trying to fix a fence .
a man is working with a hammer .
a man is cutting wood .
a dog is being held by a man .
a woman is standing in a city street .
a man on a cellphone talks on his cellphone .
a woman crossing the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a wall covered in graffiti .
two people are standing in front of a wall .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man and a woman standing in front of an art wall .
a man with a beard and a man in a white shirt are walking down the street .
two people are looking at artwork on the street .
a woman looking at a painting .
a man is taking a photo of his drink .
a woman in a black dress walks down the street .
a group of people are running .
several people are competing in a race .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
people getting ready for a marathon .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone .
a crowd of people are gathered in a crowded room .
a child is playing in the water .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people standing in a room .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people in a crowded area .
a group of people standing around a table .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people standing by a body of water .
a man is taking a dive into the water .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting on the shore .
a man diving into a pool .
a man is taking a picture of a ceremony .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
two dogs run on the grass .
two men are raising their hands in the air .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a group of men with their hands raised .
a group of people holding hands .
a woman with a brown dog and a black dog is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is carving a tree .
two men talking at a table .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is plowing the street .
a group of people on a boat .
a man taking a picture .
a little girl is playing with bubbles .
a man on a boat holding a fishing pole .
a black dog is standing next to a tree .
two children are playing on a swing set .
five children playing in a fountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing outside .
children playing in a park .
a child is swinging on a swing set .
a man stands at the end of a bridge .
a young girl wearing a black leather jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats perform .
two dogs are sniffing something .
two dogs fighting .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a dog is walking with a small child .
a young boy skating in a skate park .
a man in a white shirt is looking at art .
two children are eating food .
five children playing in a field .
a man in a white shirt is painting a picture .
a group of people walking along a walkway in front of buildings .
several people are walking down the street .
a group of people walking along a brick walkway .
people walking along a walkway .
a group of people in a hallway .
a guy in a white shirt is looking at merchandise .
this is a picture of a building .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a man is working on a roof .
a young boy is riding a skateboard .
two construction workers working on a project .
the brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through a fenced yard .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a barber in a blue shirt and black pants is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a red dress playing the bagpipes .
a brown dog runs on the grass .
a man in a hard hat is working on a roof .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a skier goes down a slope .
two dogs play in the sand .
people waiting for a train .
a man is riding a snowboard .
a person on a snow covered mountain .
a snowboarder wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a snowboard .
a person wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
bicyclists ride past spectators .
two people walking down the street .
two people are carrying bags .
two women are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman carrying luggage .
a man does tricks on a bike .
a man is playing a guitar .
a young man is riding his bike down the street .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is doing a trick on a bike .
a boy in a helmet jumps a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is showing his teeth .
a group of people on a sunny day .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a car .
a man with tattoos on his head .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone .
a group of runners race a race car .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
construction workers are talking on a project .
a man is standing on top of a mountain overlooking mountains .
a man is walking down the street .
a chinese man is carrying a pot .
six men standing in a field .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man is reading a book .
a man in a jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a little girl is standing next to a sprinkler fountain .
three men looking at a bicycle .
three men are fixing a bicycle wheel .
a child in a bathing suit is playing in the water .
a young girl in a blue bathing suit sits in a body of water .
a boy in a blue shirt is working on his skateboard .
a photo photo of a photo of a man in a green shirt .
a little boy working with metal equipment .
a young boy in a bathing suit is playing in the sprinkler .
a small boy playing in a sprinkler .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is dancing .
a boy in a blue shirt is dancing .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a counter .
a man sitting at a table at a table .
a band performs on stage .
a man is using a hammer on an anvil .
a group of men are working together .
a woman is running through the water .
two men are sitting next to each other .
a woman in a costume in a parade .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a group of people sitting outside on a trailer .
people are looking through a magazine .
two men in red shirts are sitting on chairs in front of a road on the road .
a woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a ball .
two guys , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a
a boy in a white shirt is standing in front of a fire .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a person making a large bubble .
a girl is holding a string in her hands .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men standing outside a building .
people in a hot air balloon .
four men are working on a hot air balloon .
a group of people standing around a hot air balloon .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people at the beach .
people walking on the sidewalk .
kids playing in the water .
a woman with her hand on her head .
a group of people walking down the street .
people walking in the middle of a city street .
people walking in a city street .
two children are playing in the water .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street holding her purse .
a group of people walking down a sidewalk .
a woman walks down the street .
a child sitting on a man 's shoulders .
a young girl is sitting in a chair reading a book .
a crowd of people watching a baseball game .
a group of people are watching a game .
a group of people are watching something .
a crowd of people are standing on a street .
a group of people are watching the olympics .
a woman in a robe is relaxing with a book .
a crowd of people are watching the olympics .
a woman reading a book in public .
two girls performing a dance routine .
two boys are writing in books .
a woman in a robe is reading a book .
two men are waiting at an airport at an airport .
two people are standing on stilts on stilts .
two men drinking beer .
a man with glasses is holding glasses .
two men are holding beers .
two men are drinking beer .
two men drinking beer .
two men having a conversation .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting at a table with beer bottles .
a group of adults sitting on a bench .
three children are standing on a city street .
a group of people are drinking beer .
three children are playing in the snow .
a boy is climbing a rock wall .
a group of people walking down the street .
a girl in glasses is looking over a book in front of a large crowd of people .
five people are looking at something .
a person performing a stunt on a skateboard .
a little girl is playing in the sand .
a dog runs on the back of the back .
a group of people are selling food .
a group of students in a classroom .
a man in black jumps through a waterfall .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt and a baseball cap is playing a game .
a person jumping into the air .
a person in a white shirt is climbing up the ground .
a person is jumping in the air .
a person is jumping into the air in front of a body of water .
a person jumping in the air .
a man jumping into the air .
a person is jumping in the air .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a soccer player in a red jersey is running in the field .
two hockey players are competing in a field .
two teams competing in a game .
a group of people are playing together .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two men are playing soccer .
a group of people are riding in a truck .
a group of people in the back of a truck .
a group of people are gathering in a truck .
a group of people are standing in front of a truck .
a group of people enjoying a ride .
three men smoking a cigarette .
two women are having fun at an ice rink .
a line of rollerskater in midair .
a skater in a blue shirt is getting ready to jump .
a woman ice skating .
a group of girls dancing .
two women at an ice rink .
a woman poses with a painting .
a dog is carrying a stick in the snow .
a black dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog with a branch in its mouth .
a dog is carrying an object in its mouth .
a black and white dog is carrying a frisbee .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a man in a police uniform is standing outside of a store .
a little girl is playing in the sand .
a girl in a sweater plays with her pink yo yo .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is playing with a pink yo yo .
a girl in a blue sweater is sitting in a chair .
a little girl playing with a toy toy .
a security guard holding a puppet .
a man is holding a puppet .
a man is holding a puppet .
a man with a puppet is standing in front of a poster .
a security guard holding a puppet .
a man in a uniform is standing in front of a microphone .
a young child plays with a toy toy .
an elderly man is holding a hammer .
a dog swimming in a pool .
a group of girls are talking on a cellphone .
a group of girls on cellphones .
three girls are reading on a cellphone .
two girls are testing on a cellphone .
three young girls are having fun and laughing .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
a group of asian people are having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
a man is taking a picture of another man while others watch .
an african american boy is pointing at the camera .
a girl is playing on a log swing .
a woman and three men are sitting on steps .
a dog swims in the water .
a new york crew is being watched by spectators .
a man on top of a white horse .
a man in a black shirt is performing a trick for a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
two girls sit on a bench .
a young boy talks to two girls .
a man is talking with a woman in a white shirt .
a group of people are hanging out of a building .
people sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a woman practicing gymnastics on a trampoline .
a female gymnast wearing a red leotard is performing a split .
a woman is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a girl is balancing on her balance .
a girl on a balance beam on a balance beam .
a girl doing a handstand on a balance beam .
a girl on a balance beam on a balance beam .
a girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a girl does gymnastics on a balance beam .
a young girl in a pink shirt is playing in the grass .
a girl doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
a girl does a handstand on a balance beam on a balance beam , while others watch .
a girl is playing on the beach .
a dog swims in the water .
people at an amusement park ride .
a young boy in a blue shirt is holding a flag .
a child in a blue shirt is painting .
a young man is standing outside of a building .
a skateboarder performs a trick in midair .
a group of people are standing outside at night .
a person riding a bike at night .
a person riding a bike at night .
a person rides a bicycle at night .
a person riding a bike at night .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a man in a pink shirt holding a basketball .
a man is sitting on a horse .
a girl is standing on the beach at the beach .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a group of children .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
a boy is sitting in a crowd looking at something .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in a crowd .
a child is standing in front of a group of people .
a boy in a crowd of people in a crowd .
a little boy is looking at something .
a young boy with dark hair is looking at something in the distance .
four children jump for a photo .
two young boys pose for a picture .
four kids jump for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
children posing for a picture .
two children are posing for a picture .
a boy is looking up at something .
four kids jump into the air .
a man climbing a rock .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man carrying a paper bag walks down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man holding a bag is holding a bag .
an old man is walking down a street .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a woman is standing next to a group of men .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of children at the beach .
a group of people are splashing in water .
two boys are playing in the ocean .
two boys in a large body of water .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two children are playing in the water .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a woman is playing with a ball on a beach .
two children are sleeping in a classroom .
two young boys are playing soccer .
two children sleeping on the road in the backseat of a car .
a child wearing a blue shirt and goggles is swimming .
a boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a boy with his eyes closed and his mouth open .
a little boy in a blue shirt and shorts is swimming .
a boy in a blue shirt and shorts is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is playing with a ball .
a group of children are riding a car .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a group of people working on a roof .
a woman in a white carriage with two little girls in white dresses are looking at horses .
two girls are playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of children in red dresses are standing in front of a vehicle .
a woman and a woman are riding horses .
a man is waiting by a bus stop .
a man is playing tennis .
a man is holding a sign .
a black and white dog is racing .
two dogs run through the water .
a group of people are standing on a fire .
a toddler is holding a toddler .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young girl with a camera is holding a camera .
a girl is standing in front of a camera with a camera .
a little boy wearing a brown shirt with a brown shirt on .
a man is sitting on a bench at a bus stop .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a lady is holding leaves .
a woman is standing in front of plants .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a baby .
a woman is holding leaves in a field .
a lady is standing outside of a building .
a woman holding a plant .
a woman is standing outside of a bush .
a woman in a colorful outfit is holding leaves .
a young lady is standing outside of a store .
a woman standing in front of a hut .
a woman is holding leaves .
a young woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
people eating lunch .
a man is taking a photo .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a group of people running in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
two black dogs running in a field .
two dogs running in a field .
two men are standing next to each other .
people walking into a building .
two men working on an atm project .
a man in a black jacket and a woman in a black jacket are standing next to each other .
a sign with a sign on it .
two guys are in a building .
two puppies wrestle on a green lawn .
a girl smoking a cigarette .
an older woman in a white shirt is sitting at a counter with her shopping cart .
a boy in shorts and a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
a man is reading a paper .
two girls are playing in the snow .
two women are hula hoops .
two girls are hula hooping .
two girls playing video game .
two girls playing with hula hoops .
two girls are practicing hula hoops .
a little girl in a gray dress is holding a gray purse .
two girls with their hula hoops .
a group of people in canoes .
a man in a white shirt is shaving his face .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs fighting with each other .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs play in a grassy area .
two large dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a large brown dog is playing in the grass .
two large brown dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two women are putting candles on a cake .
a black and white dog biting a toy .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs fighting in the grass .
two dogs are fighting in the grass .
two dogs fighting together .
a man and a woman skating on ice .
people looking at a birthday cake .
a student doing a handstand in a classroom .
a man is playing with a little girl .
students working on an art project .
a boy is painting a picture .
two women are riding a cart on the street .
a singer is playing the drums on stage .
a man making art .
a man is pulling a car .
a group of people selling food in an empty parking lot .
a man is bowling .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a person is bowling .
a man is bowling .
a man is bowling .
a man in a green shirt and blue shorts is playing tennis .
a man with a dog on a leash .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is trying to get a hose in a stadium .
a man in a white shirt is riding a horse .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to catch a soccer ball .
a man is trying to catch a horse .
a man is walking on a horse with a rope .
a man in a jacket is pulling a horse .
two children are playing in the snow .
a brown horse is in the grass .
a group of people are kayaking in a river .
a group of people are standing near water .
a group of passengers on the water .
two people in a boat paddling through a river .
a man in a blue shirt is paddling a boat .
people on a train .
a man is giving a wedding cake .
two young boys playing basketball in an arena .
a boy is painting a picture .
a man is playing with a dog .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
a man with tattoos on his head is singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog is playing with a ball .
a cowboy is riding a horse in a ring .
a man is riding a bull .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a horse on a sunny day .
a man in a blue hat is sitting on a bench .
a person in a white shirt is working on a project .
a person is leaning on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a baseball cap leans against a post .
ballet dancers performing ballet .
a man is sitting on a horse .
a man is riding a horse .
a man wearing boots is working with a horse .
a man is jumping over a hurdle .
a man is riding a horse in a rodeo competition .
a bride is walking down a path .
two dancers are performing on stage .
a bride and groom are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in line .
a group of people are standing in the rain .
a man is working outside a store .
a group of people waiting in the rain .
a young girl plays in a playground .
six people dancing on a stage .
a black dog in a pool of water .
a man is putting something in his mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two children are standing near a fountain .
two children are standing next to each other .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a person in a black top and helmet is doing a pose .
a cyclist wearing a red and white uniform rides a bike .
two people are laughing .
a woman is painting a picture .
an indian man with a cane is standing next to another man who is sitting on the ground with a cane .
a lady in a white shirt is cooking .
a woman is painting a picture .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a young man in a red shirt is getting ready for the ball .
a man is showing a picture of a woman .
people eating food .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a video screen .
a young boy is looking at a telescope .
a man giving a presentation .
a group of people waving flags .
a biker is looking at his bike on the side of the track while spectators watch .
a small child is looking out over a body of water .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a person in blue swim trunks doing a backstroke .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a skier with a backpack is skiing across the side of a hill .
a baby is sleeping .
a man in a snow covered forest .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a person in a red jacket is walking down the street .
a person with a yellow backpack is holding a yellow backpack .
a skier is skiing .
a person is skiing down a mountain .
a person is crossing a mountain trail .
a man skiing down a mountain .
two dogs are playing in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
a dog is playing in the grass .
two dogs play in the water .
a person is riding a rope .
two people swimming in a pool .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
two dogs play in the water .
a woman carrying bags carrying bags .
a girl carrying a shopping cart .
a young woman is carrying bags of bags .
a woman is carrying a shopping cart .
a woman in a blue shirt and jeans and jeans is walking down a street .
a chinese little boy wearing a green t shirt is standing at the front of a chinese hut .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a man and his son are demonstrating how to work .
a man and a boy are shooting video games .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone while holding a microphone .
a man with a beard is holding a microphone while holding a microphone .
a woman is eating a meal .
a man and a child are playing a video game .
a woman holding her cellphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is standing on the sidewalk looking at her cellphone .
a woman is looking at a mirror .
a man is holding a mirror .
a woman with long hair is holding a mirror in her hand while holding a mirror with a mirror in her hand .
a woman is looking at herself .
a man in a red shirt is holding a sign .
a woman standing outside listening to music .
a woman is standing in front of a temple .
a man selling drinks .
a man pushing a bike .
a small child is taking a picture of a small child .
a man walking with a cart .
children playing volleyball .
a dog runs in the rain .
a man is posing for a picture .
a woman is playing volleyball .
a group of girls volleyball players are volleyball .
a little girl and a woman are walking across the street .
a little girl and a lady are crossing the street .
a little girl and a woman walk down the street .
a group of women wearing colorful clothing .
a woman and a little girl wearing colorful costumes .
a young man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a snowboarder doing a jump .
a snowboarder doing a jump on a snowboard .
a snowboarder in mid jump .
a snowboarder doing a jump in the air .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
three people standing near a cliff .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women , one in traditional clothing , the other wearing traditional japanese clothing .
three men are walking down the street .
people are riding a boat .
a group of men are riding a boat .
a man with a white beard carries a tray of food .
a man with a long beard is holding a long beard .
a man in a white shirt is eating food .
a man with long hair and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man holding a box .
a man with a hat is holding a candle .
a bearded man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is holding an object .
a bearded man is eating food .
a man taking a picture in an art gallery .
an asian man is posing for a picture .
a man is holding a camera .
a person is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
a man and a woman are eating a meal .
a family is eating .
a man and woman are sitting on a green mat .
a man in a tree is climbing a tree .
a child doing a flip in the air .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a man in a cowboy hat is getting ready to hit a horse .
a skateboarder does a trick .
a group of people are preparing for their leader .
a skateboarder is holding a skateboard .
people standing near palm trees .
a man in front of a chinese market .
two men working on a project .
a woman in a crowd holding a box .
people walking down a street .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in jeans and a t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy hitting a soccer ball .
a little boy playing soccer with his soccer ball .
a couple walking down the street .
a child playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is working on a wall .
a person is climbing a brick wall .
a man is working on a project .
a man is laying cement on a cement wall .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a wall .
a man is working on a project .
a person is working on a concrete wall .
a man is working on a concrete wall .
a person is working on a concrete wall .
a man is working on a concrete wall .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
a young man is riding a boat on a river .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a river .
the water is floating in the water .
a woman is painting a picture .
a woman in a pink shirt painting a little girl .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a woman is painting a child 's face .
a child sliding down a slide .
a child in blue is playing with a toy toy .
a child lying down on a blanket .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man relaxing on a bench .
a young boy is playing on a slide .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people in the water .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a motocross rider riding a motocross bike .
a crew doing repairs .
a boy chasing a soccer ball .
a child sleeps in a stroller .
a man and a woman climbing a mountain .
a view of the buildings .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women pose for a picture .
a man and a girl swimming in green water .
people listening to music .
a man is playing with a ball .
a man in a red shirt plays the drums .
a man is playing a guitar on a street .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing drums .
a girl is playing in the snow .
a child is sledding through the snow .
a child riding a sled on a sled .
a child sledding down a hill .
a man is sleeping at work .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a patient .
a man in a lab coat prepares to make a science experiment .
a man is brushing his teeth .
a doctor is looking at equipment .
a man is selling food .
a cashier is talking to a customer .
an asian woman is preparing food .
a nun is selling food .
a waitress in a blue shirt and black pants is sitting in a chair .
a man with his hand in a shopping cart .
a man in a red shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with a shopping cart .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a woman with a tattoo on her head is holding a briefcase .
a boy in a yellow shirt is riding a scooter .
a cashier works at a store .
a grocery store is being sold .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a store .
a cashier at a grocery store .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a building .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a young boy wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a cowboy hat is riding a bucking horse .
a cowboy riding a bucking horse in a rodeo .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are watching a horse race .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a rock climber in the middle of the ocean .
a boy in a swimming pool is crying .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is shaving his mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man stands in shallow water .
a man swimming in a pool .
two women are working with their hands .
a couple walking up a street .
a person in a forest .
a man is cutting a tree in a field .
two women are doing tricks on a skateboard .
two women in a martial arts competition .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a tree .
a group of people skating on a roller coaster .
two women are skating on a track .
a woman pouring into a bottle of beer .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman is pouring something .
a man in a black shirt is working on a piece of yarn .
four people at a cafe .
a woman pouring drinks from a bottle of water .
construction workers working on a construction site .
workers working in a building .
a group of people in a hallway .
construction workers laying in a hallway .
a group of people are in a hallway in a hallway .
construction workers are working on a cement tunnel .
men in orange vests work in a hallway .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
construction workers are working together .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two women talking .
two women are having a conversation .
two women talking to each other .
two ladies having a conversation .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man poses for a picture .
a man working on a computer .
a boy with a nose on his nose .
a young boy is playing hockey .
a group of people are painting the water .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is attempting to fix a metal pole .
two women talking to each other .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of young girls are laughing .
a group of people working at a park .
a boy in a red cap holding a cookie .
a young boy wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a boy in a blue shirt is eating food .
a small boy wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a young boy wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
two girls , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are walking down a street .
a man talking with a little girl .
a man and a woman standing outside .
a man is operating a vehicle .
a young model takes a picture .
a man is posing for a picture .
a child does a handstand on a bed .
a girl is laying on a bed .
a young girl is upside down .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a room .
a woman is laying on a bed .
a man is riding a bike .
a man taking pictures of a woman in a bathing suit .
a woman and a baby are sitting in a car .
a boy in a blue shirt playing a game .
a group of children running in a field .
a woman is riding a horse .
a team of soccer players playing soccer .
a group of people in an airport .
a group of kids playing on a field .
a person is jumping in the air .
a horse is jumping over a hurdle .
a person is riding a horse .
a jockey jumps over a hurdle .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are playing music on a stage .
a band plays music .
a group of people performing on stage .
a young boy walks past an old building .
a band is performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt is walking past a door .
a man is running past a building .
a man in a blue shirt is talking to a man .
a black and white bird in the water .
two women talking to each other .
a group of older people in a city .
two elderly women are riding a bicycle down the street .
two older women in a city .
a man in a black shirt is watching a woman in a white shirt .
a man is watching another man .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man wearing a blue uniform is playing football .
a bird swims in the stream .
a man is opening a door .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a black jacket is standing next to a black car .
a man in a parking lot in a parking lot .
children playing in a river near a bridge .
children playing in the water .
people swimming in a pool .
a man is holding his cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a young man is holding an award sign .
a man carries a large bowl to his donkey .
a boy looking through a hole in a hole .
three people are standing next to each other .
three boys are playing in the snow .
a man and a woman are working on the side of a house .
a dog is sitting in the sand .
a man sitting on a bench .
a blue car drives down a track .
two women are driving a car .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a group of men are driving a motorcycle .
a group of men in a blue car .
the car is carrying the bus .
a group of people in a race .
a group of people in a race .
a couple is hugging each other .
a woman in a white shirt is cleaning the floor .
a person cleaning up a pile of vegetables .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a man cleaning a building .
four men smile at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is cleaning the water .
a woman and a girl playing with a ball in a pool .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is painting a picture .
an artist works on a painting .
a man is pulling a boat .
two children leaning against a wall .
a man is working on a roof .
a man in a sweater is playing with a child .
a man in a cap is skateboarding on a skateboard .
two people playing basketball in a field .
a businessman is walking down the street with his luggage .
a ladder on a ladder .
the little girl is in the water .
a man is riding a motorcycle in the street .
a person in a green shirt is standing in a grassy area .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a helmet is standing on a dirt bike .
a man is carrying a backpack .
a man in a helmet riding a bike .
a biker is riding a bike .
a person is riding a dirt bike .
a man is riding a tractor .
a man is riding a bike .
a man working on a boat .
a white dog is laying on the beach .
a man in a swimsuit is jumping into a swimming pool .
a man stands next to a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is about to throw a boat into a boat .
a man is rowing a boat .
a shirtless man is standing on a boat .
a man is standing next to a boat .
a brown dog is laying on a tree stump .
a dog sniffs a tree stump .
a brown and white dog is standing in front of a tree .
a dog sniffs a tree stump .
a man with no shoes on is walking down the sidewalk .
a person is walking down the sidewalk .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a man is walking by a coffee store .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a man with long brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a man in a suit walks past a building .
a person walking down the street .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two dogs run in the grass .
a man in the shadows of a man in the shadows .
protesters gather in front of cameras .
a man wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is wearing sunglasses .
four people are waiting outside a building .
a man with sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a red outfit is holding a tennis racket .
people walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a group of people on a bus .
a group of people gather for an event .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a chinese girl is talking on a cellphone .
a crowd of people are watching a parade .
a group of people in public transportation .
a crowd of people are standing next to a float .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a dog is running through the snow .
a group of people at a celebration .
a group of people are standing on a bus in front of a bus .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man is watching a group of women .
a dog leaps into the air at a dog show .
a woman carrying a plate of food .
people eating at a restaurant .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog is holding a bird in its mouth .
a woman is talking to a truck in front of a truck .
a woman is painting a picture .
a group of adults are sitting on the deck of a beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
pedestrians walk down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street talking to each other .
a couple walking down the street .
a couple standing under an umbrella .
a woman with an umbrella is walking down a busy street .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a man doing a wheelie on his motorcycle .
a man is doing a wheelie on a bmx bike .
a motorcyclist is riding a motorcycle .
a group of people are standing on the sidewalk .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a crowd of people in a boat .
a dog with a bird in its mouth .
a man playing a guitar .
three men wearing life jackets are standing on a boat .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
three men are looking at the sky on a boat .
four men are sitting in a boat .
two men are throwing a rock .
two guys laughing .
a group of young men are standing near the ocean .
a group of people are riding in a vehicle .
a man is performing on a street in front of a crowd .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
two boys are sitting on a boat .
a group of people are in a parade .
two men and a woman on a parade .
a group of people are celebrating .
a group of people in a parade .
a woman sings into a microphone with a band behind her .
a woman in blue sings into a microphone .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a woman in a black dress is singing .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a group of skiers at the top of a hill .
skiers are skiing in the snow .
a group of people are walking down a hill .
a group of people are skiing .
skiers standing on a snowy slope .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a room .
a man is reading a book at a table .
a man sitting at a table at a table .
a man is sitting at a restaurant .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are looking at binoculars .
a group of men on a field .
a boy in a blue shirt runs with a football .
a group of women are playing beach volleyball .
two young women playing on the beach .
a woman in a white dress is standing in a crowd .
a group of people are sitting at a desk in the marketplace .
people playing soccer .
a woman reading a book outside .
a man in a white shirt is blowing fire .
a group of people are performing on stage .
five boys are playing soccer .
a man in a red shirt is juggling fire .
a man is blowing fire .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a man throwing a ball into a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is racing on a track .
a child is standing on a blue slide .
a pitcher throws a pitch .
a young boy is sitting on a park bench at a park .
a young person is sliding down a slide .
two adults and two children are sitting on a bench .
a woman is holding her baby .
a group of people are walking down a street .
four people are walking down the street .
a woman holding a baby .
two boys are riding a skateboard .
a man standing outside of a building .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a person standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man standing outside of a building .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a walkway .
a man in a red clown is crying .
a man in a clown hat is talking to another man in a crowd .
a clown is talking on a cellphone .
a man is standing outside of a building .
two people on a busy street .
a man in a clown costume with a clown in his face .
a man in a red clown costume stands in front of a crowd of people .
a group of girls are dancing .
a young man looking at meat .
a man is climbing up a snowy hill .
three young girls wearing colorful clothing are performing in a play .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
two girls in uniform are playing lacrosse .
two girls playing lacrosse .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a group of men are playing monopoly .
a group of people in a park .
a little boy in a blue coat playing baseball .
a group of men playing soccer .
a man looking through a telescope .
a man working on a ticket car .
a man on a balcony looking out into the distance .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are fishing in a boat .
a group of people wearing life jackets .
two men are playing soccer .
a group of people at a market .
a man and a woman are standing in a boat .
a group of people are looking at merchandise .
a group of people are sitting in a store .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a mother and her two children walking in the rain .
a group of young women are standing on display .
a group of people are cooking .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two women cooking a meal .
a woman walks down the street .
a man in a blue shirt holding a microphone .
a black dog running through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in a field .
three men are standing in a park .
a black and white dog is running .
a black dog running in the snow .
a person jumping on a beach .
a girl jumping through the air at the beach .
people riding a scooter .
a woman is standing on a beach overlooking sunset .
a person is jumping in the air at the beach .
a woman is riding a motorcycle .
two people are riding a scooter .
two people on a scooter .
two people are riding a moped .
two children are playing soccer .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a house .
a toddler is playing on a slide .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other wearing a pink shirt , are playing with balls .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in jeans is selling toys .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man selling toys .
a man in a gray shirt and black pants is standing in front of toys .
a man in a hat holding a toothbrush .
a man with no shirt and black pants is selling some sort of fruit .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man selling food for customers .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is selling toys at an event .
a man in a black shirt is perched on the edge of a cliff .
a man is standing in the desert on a cloudy day .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is climbing up a cliff .
a person in a black shirt is walking down the beach .
a couple posing for a picture .
children playing with balls .
a soccer player kicks the ball .
a woman in a white shirt is shaking a man 's hand .
two men are playing soccer .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of musicians at a construction site .
a woman is standing next to a violin .
a child slides down a slide .
a group of people playing instruments .
two women are walking on a beach .
two men are standing on a stage .
a group of men sitting on a couch .
a person is sitting on a bench .
two people pose for a picture .
a group of people in coats are walking down a street .
a couple looking at the camera .
a man and a woman are wearing coats .
a couple in black coats looking at the camera .
a man wearing a black shirt and a woman wearing a black shirt are walking together .
a man playing a guitar and sings into a microphone .
a group of people dressed in black are standing in front of a building .
two children are shoveling snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are working on a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt and white pants is holding a white notebook .
two men fixing a bicycle .
children working in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a doll .
a person in a bathing suit hangs into the water .
a man in a green tank top sitting on a couch .
two dogs fighting over a stick .
a woman is standing in front of a class .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a doll .
actors posing for a picture .
a man with his hands in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a little girl is jumping in the air .
a man with his hands above his mouth .
teenage girl jumping in a field .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a fire .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of young men are walking on the beach .
a group of people are playing in the street .
two boats in the water .
a man in a boat in a boat .
two scuba divers , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting in a canoe .
a man is sitting on a raft .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts stands next to a blue raft .
a man in a raft is paddling a raft .
a person floating in a river .
a boy climbing a tree .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a group of people are playing instruments .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in front of a laboratory .
two women playing instruments .
two women are playing musical instruments .
two older women playing instruments in front of a mirror .
an elderly woman plays an instrument .
a woman is standing next to a music stand .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
two women are standing in front of a large glass window .
two women are playing instruments .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people standing around a table .
three people are playing instruments .
two women and a man dressed in red , white , and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold .
a group of people wearing blue shirts and blue jeans are walking down a street .
two women , one wearing red and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold and gold robes .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a bulldozer at work .
a group of people at the beach .
three people are getting married on the beach .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people are sitting at a wedding .
an older man is talking on a cellphone .
two men standing next to each other .
a group of men are cooking .
a group of people at the beach .
people on a beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people are setting up chairs on the beach .
a group of people at a meeting .
a dog jumps high in the air .
a man is riding a bike .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog leaps into a yard .
a hot air hot air balloon .
a crowd gathers for a hot air balloon .
a man in a white shirt is setting up a stone wall .
a man is performing a trick on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is filling a fish .
a man in a white shirt is working in a lab .
a scientist working at work .
a scientist is performing a science experiment .
a scientist is using a microscope .
a man working on a roof .
a scientist in a white shirt is looking at a microscope .
a man looking at a microscope .
a group of musicians perform on stage .
people sing on stage .
a brown dog with a brown collar is in the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through a tunnel .
a group of construction workers are standing on top of scaffolding .
people working on a building .
construction workers standing on top of a building .
a group of construction workers work on the ground .
construction workers working on a construction site .
two boys play on a slide .
a lady is talking on a laptop .
a flight of stairs .
a group of people are watching a man in a white shirt .
a man is doing a jump on a pole .
a man in a white shirt is jumping over a bar .
a man in a red and white uniform is jumping in the air .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a boy wearing a green shirt and blue jeans is standing in a field .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a mirror .
a man is walking down a hallway .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a brown haired girl swims with her nose .
a little girl is holding her nose .
children enjoying a festival .
a child is getting ready to play a game .
a man is walking along a sidewalk .
a girl waits in the middle of a street .
a group of men in a parade .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children dressed in costumes .
a small child running in the grass .
a girl and a man sitting on a bench .
a woman in a coat holds a girl in a coat .
a dog in the snow .
a man in a red shirt is sitting on a bus .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a child runs through the grass .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown dog is standing at the beach .
a man is looking down at the sky .
the brown dog is standing on the grass .
a man and a boy are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting at a table .
a lady is walking down the street .
a construction worker is kneeling in his uniform .
a child is smiling .
a child in a blue bathing suit is swimming in the water .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a child is playing in the water .
a person wearing protective gear is riding a bike .
two hikers are skiing down a snowy mountain .
a baby is sleeping on a blanket .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is taking a picture .
a dog runs through the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a baby is eating .
two women are standing in front of a building .
a man and a woman are skateboarding .
a child is walking down the street .
a child is standing in front of a building .
two children are skateboarding .
two kids are doing skateboards .
two children are playing with skateboard .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a group of children playing in the sand .
a boy rides a skateboard in front of a crowd of people .
a boy is skateboarding while another child watches .
two young boys are doing tricks on a skateboard .
two skateboarders are sitting on a bench .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a boy jumping on a skateboard .
a boy jumping on a platform .
a skateboarder jumps off a rail .
a skateboarder is performing a trick on a skateboard .
two boys doing tricks on a skateboard .
a person climbing a mountain .
a hiker is hiking through the woods .
a man in a black shirt is holding a microphone .
a person in a red jacket is standing in the mountains .
a snowboarder in midair .
a person walks down the street .
a man rollerskating in a skate park .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
two young boys are walking in the woods .
two boys are standing behind a tree .
two young boys in a forest .
a group of people having drinks and drinks .
a man is kayaking in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is spraying flowers .
a man in a blue shirt is spraying crops .
a group of women standing on a street .
two dogs running in the water .
a woman and a man are sitting in chairs and laughing .
two people are looking at each other .
a band plays in a band .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on the floor looking at books .
a man and two children are sitting in front of books .
two men talking to each other .
two men working on a project .
two men are fixing something .
two men are fixing something .
two men are working on a project .
two men are fixing something .
two men are operating a machine .
two men are working on a roof .
two construction workers in the grass .
two girls are playing volleyball .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a cave .
two women are playing volleyball .
two women playing volleyball .
two women in a gym .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a red hat is standing in front of a sign .
a man in a winter coat is standing in the snow .
a man is standing in front of a subway station .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man is standing in a crowd .
a man in a tuxedo is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people working at a large ship .
a small group of people in a cafe .
a person is standing on the beach .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two men and women are drinking beer .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people having a conversation .
people are sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people are preparing food .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people are sitting at tables eating food .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two people are talking to each other .
a man in a black leather jacket poses for a picture .
a man taking a picture .
two men are walking down the street .
a photographer takes a picture of a man wearing a silver suit .
a man in a suit is taking a picture .
a man is looking at a man .
a man taking a picture of another man .
a man is pushing a man in a blue kayak in the water .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a man sitting on a bench in a park .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in a park .
a large brown dog runs through the grass .
two guys are looking at a cruise ship .
a boy kicking a soccer ball during a soccer game .
a person is walking down a busy street .
a man looking at something .
a bearded man is looking back at something .
a man is smiling at the camera .
two boys are sitting on a bench .
a man is taking a break from a busy street .
two boys are standing near mountains .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are holding something .
a man and a girl play music .
a child wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is holding up a camera .
a little girl in a pink shirt is posing for a picture .
a young woman in a colorful sweater is holding a large piece of paper .
a young girl is posing for the camera .
a young girl is posing for the camera .
a girl is posing for a picture .
a young girl is taking a picture .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people walking in the street .
people walking down the street .
a man is riding a snowboard .
a snowboarder at the top of a slope .
a man in a red shirt is snowboarding down a hill .
a dog is running through the grass .
a sheep is resting on a sheep .
a young girl in a pink shirt is walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people are sleeping on a couch .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man is playing a piano .
a girl and a white white and white balloon are lined up .
a young couple is riding a bull .
three men are working on a fire .
people kayaking in a river .
a group of people are sitting on the water .
people kayaking on a river .
people are kayaking in the water .
people kayaking on a river .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a group of seagulls float down a river .
two people are riding on a river .
a boy opening a present .
a child in a blue shirt opening a present .
a child is opening a present .
firefighters are working on fire .
a man is opening a present .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of football players on the field .
children celebrating soccer .
a coach is holding a basketball .
a boy is hugging his coach .
a football team is wearing yellow and black and black .
a man is sitting at a barber shop .
a group of soccer players celebrating the ball .
a man is carving wood .
three people having a conversation .
two women drinking beer .
two women sitting at a table drinking beer .
six people are meeting together .
a group of young adults are watching a presentation .
a teacher is teaching a class .
a group of people at school school .
a group of children sitting in a classroom .
two young ladies walk down the street .
two people are sitting at a table drinking beer .
a woman eating a meal .
two girls playing musical instruments .
a child in a blue shirt is holding an object .
two women playing musical instruments .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are playing musical instruments .
two women are playing music .
two musicians playing their instruments .
two women playing musical instruments .
a man and a woman play musical instruments .
a man in a bright yellow shirt waves in a city .
a person in a white shirt is preparing food .
a man is singing on stage .
a person in a blue shirt is standing next to a pole .
a group of people are in the air .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is singing on stage .
a man is standing on a rocky shore .
a man is standing next to a bridge .
a dog and a dog are looking at a person in a white shirt .
a man with a backpack is standing next to a bridge .
a woman in a red shirt walks past a store .
a woman walks past a store .
a woman walks down the street .
a woman walking past a store .
a woman walks past a store .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a man is walking down the street .
a man on a boat on a boat .
two young girls are driving down a road .
two girls are riding a bicycle .
a group of children are standing next to an atv .
two girls standing near a bridge .
two women on a bus .
football players gather on a field .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a man and woman walk past shops .
people at an outdoor market market .
a woman buying groceries .
a group of people are walking down the street with umbrellas .
children playing in the street .
young boys shopping for the camera .
a man is smiling and smiling .
four boys are posing for a picture .
two boys are talking to a vendor on the street .
a surfer rides a wave .
a dog swims in the water .
two men working at a construction site .
a group of men working at a construction site .
a group of men on a platform in a boat .
men working on an atv .
a group of people in a boat .
a group of people smiling .
people are singing on a street .
two women are sitting on a bench eating food .
a man is getting ready to shave a gray haired man .
a boy is raising his hand in the air .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is pointing at the camera .
a child raises his hand in a crowd .
a man is sitting in a car .
a woman in a blue shirt is working on a loom .
two people having a conversation .
a woman in a white shirt is working on a clay floor .
a woman is spinning clay in a classroom .
a woman working on a sculpture .
a woman making pottery .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a group of people wearing hats .
men walking under a bridge .
six people are walking through a construction site .
a group of people are walking together .
a woman is reading a book .
a group of martial arts students are practicing martial arts .
a group of musicians playing a song .
a guitarist sings into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man standing in a cement tunnel .
a woman is reading a book at a coffee shop .
a group of people playing soccer on a street .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
a group of young children are playing soccer on a city street corner .
an older man prepares to get his haircut .
four women are standing in front of a street .
two wrestlers wrestling in a wrestling match .
four women are walking down the street .
four girls walk down a city sidewalk .
two women walk across the street .
people walking down the street .
a kid is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a teenager skateboarding in front of a large building .
a man doing a skateboard trick in front of a gray building .
a man rides a skateboard in front of a building .
a young man is doing a skateboard trick .
a man and a woman are playing a game .
a woman is pushing a bicycle down the side of a fence .
a woman is talking to a class .
a man and a woman are standing in the sand .
a man with a hat is climbing a rock .
two men wearing orange vests and hard hats are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking along the beach .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in white , are standing in a boat .
two men are playing in the water .
a man sitting on a bench .
a group of soccer players in a city .
a young girl is watching a baseball game .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men playing soccer in a field .
workers working on a building .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
the brown dog is running across the grass .
a child playing with bubbles .
a dog chases another dog on a leash .
a lady and child look at hats .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a fence .
a woman is watering plants .
a black and white dog jumps over a fence .
a boy is falling into the snow .
two men working on a project .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are sitting on the floor .
two men in blue jeans , one in blue jeans , one in blue jeans , one in blue jeans , one in blue
people working on a structure .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a vendor is standing by a street vendor .
two men are taking a break from the water .
a child jumping in the sun .
two men are sitting in a boat .
three boats on the water .
two men are sitting on a boat .
a man is riding a horse .
a group of people are sitting on the floor .
two dogs play in the sand .
a boy does a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a child with a ponytail is holding a butterfly .
a man is standing in shallow water .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a man in a white shirt playing badminton .
a man in a red shirt is playing in the snow .
people riding horses on horses .
a woman on a bike is smiling .
two women are walking around at night .
a young man rides a bike in front of a blue van .
a boy in a blue shirt runs through a duck .
a man in a blue shirt is shooting a video camera .
a man is holding a camera .
a man taking a picture of a building .
a photographer looking at a wall .
four construction workers work on the ground .
a group of workers are standing around a table .
four people are standing in front of a hole .
several people are riding horses on a trail .
a person in a helmet is using an atm .
workers in hard hats dig a hole .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a man looking at food .
a man and a boy are walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
three men walking across the street .
a man in a kitchen is preparing food .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are looking at something .
a girl is eating a meal .
a crowd of people are gathered in front of a crowd .
a group of people looking at a man in a white shirt .
a man in a white hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man is playing a guitar .
a woman is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a woman doing a handstand on a beach .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is running on a beach .
men protesting with signs .
a woman is sitting on a bench in front of a body of water .
three people are walking down the street .
two men talking to each other .
two men are drinking beer .
two men are having a conversation .
two men working in a workshop .
two men in a living room drinking beer .
a woman is holding a musical instrument .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a crowd watches a performance .
a man is walking in front of a store .
people walking with a dog in the background .
a man is walking a brown dog .
a woman with a black dog walks next to a man with a black dog .
a blond woman in a white top with a white top on her head .
a woman pushing a stroller .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a large crowd of people .
a man is checking his phone .
two men are sitting under a sign .
a line of people in a line .
a black and white dog runs through snow .
two men sitting on a bench .
a dog plays in the grass .
a black dog playing in the snow .
a dog plays with a toy in the snow .
a band performs on stage .
two women playing volleyball .
girls playing volleyball .
a man is fixing his bike .
a group of girls playing a game of tug of war .
a construction worker in a white shirt is standing next to a boat .
a man in a white shirt and helmet is fixing a bicycle on a dirt bike .
a view of a bus .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man shaving his face .
an asian man wearing a blue shirt is standing in front of an audience .
a man shaving his beard .
a man in a black shirt shaving his face .
a man and a child are posing for a picture .
children sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing at an event .
a woman in a red shirt is watching another woman .
a crowded airport .
a group of people at an airport .
a man is taking pictures of a crowd of people .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in an airport .
a man and a woman are sitting in a room .
a man and a woman in an airport terminal .
a man holds a woman 's hand at an airport .
a man is holding a woman 's arm .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a boy jumping up into the air .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a boy jumps into the air .
a boy jumping in midair .
a little boy is jumping into the air .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a boy hitting a tennis ball .
a boy swings at a tennis ball .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a boy jumping in the air .
a child is trying to hit a tennis ball .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a girl climbing a rock .
a man in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a man is riding a bull .
a woman with a cane is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are playing on a street .
two adults are sitting on a wall .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the beach .
a man is standing in the sand at the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is working on the sand .
a man is making a sculpture in the sand .
two elderly men playing a musical instrument .
a young girl smiles as she smiles .
a child in a blue shirt is looking at a large telescope .
a couple enjoying the sunset on a cruise ship .
a group of people are walking down the street .
construction workers working on the ground .
a group of people are gathered around a young boy .
a young boy looking at the sky .
a person looking through a telescope in a museum museum .
a man holds a small child 's hand .
a man in a blue shirt holding a hand .
two people are walking together .
a man surfs on a beach .
a man is surfing a wave .
a man is surfing a wave .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man is taking a bath .
a girl in a pink shirt is drinking from a glass .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
an asian girl drinking coffee in a restaurant .
an asian girl is drinking a cup of coffee in a restaurant .
a woman looking out the window of a coffee shop .
an asian woman looks out the window of a cafe while a woman looks on .
a woman drinking a drink .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a market .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children are laying on a bench .
a group of children sitting on benches .
two children are sitting in a museum .
six people are gathered at a museum .
two children are sitting on a couch in front of a crowd .
a group of children are sitting on benches in the background .
two children are sitting on couches .
two young children are sitting on couches .
two children are sitting in a museum .
children at an art museum .
a group of adults at an art museum .
people standing in a museum .
a group of people at a museum .
a group of people are standing in a building .
a group of children are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person prepares to jump off of another person .
a group of people are getting their hands done .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a brunette woman is reading a book .
two women are getting drinks .
two women walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is praying .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a father and his son are sitting next to each other .
a woman in a red shirt is sitting on cement steps holding a grocery store .
a woman in a long green dress is holding a stone structure while standing in front of a stone structure .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman is sitting and holding a box .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two little kids are standing next to a market .
a boxer in a blue shirt is working on the ground .
two children looking at produce .
two young children are looking at the sea .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a father plays with a wooden barrel on a city sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is boxing .
a man is hitting a punching bag .
a green flower with flowers in the background .
three men playing basketball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a baseball player slides into base .
a bird opens its mouth .
a group of people are walking on a blue sky .
a police officer is standing on the street .
a group of men walking towards the buildings .
three people are walking in the city .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a man standing by a building .
a person in an orange jacket is walking down the alley .
a young man is dancing in front of a group of people .
a lady is looking at the phone while another woman looks on .
a person is walking down the street .
two people in a small shop .
two women are working on a loom .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men in red shirts work on a field .
an old man is walking down the street .
children playing in a kitchen .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of children are standing on a stage .
a group of children are dancing .
a group of children playing musical instruments .
a group of children are playing musical instruments .
a group of children are performing on stage .
a group of children waiting for a train .
a group of young boys are standing in line .
a group of children are standing around a table .
a group of children gather around a fountain .
a group of children are in a line in a line .
a group of young adults are performing on stage .
a group of young adults perform a routine .
a group of young adults are sitting on a bench .
a group of young adults perform a routine .
a group of young adults in a line .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people performing on stage .
a woman in a white dress is holding flowers .
a hiker with a backpack and a backpack is sitting in a mountain .
a little girl is sniffing flowers .
a child with flowers and flowers in the background .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a child is looking at flowers .
an asian woman in front of her shoes .
a woman in a blue shirt is pushing a shoe cart down a sidewalk .
a woman is looking at shoes .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
two women walking down a city street .
a woman is looking at shoes .
a woman looking at something .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
the basketball players are playing basketball .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
basketball players playing basketball .
two basketball players playing basketball .
two teams are playing basketball .
people playing basketball in a basketball game .
a female basketball player wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts is running .
a group of runners are competing in a race .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a young boy holding a bucket of water .
a young child is using a bucket to a bucket .
a little kid in a blue shirt is putting water in a container .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a bucket of water .
a child is filling a bucket from a bucket .
a young child is filling a bucket .
a boy is filling a bucket from a bucket .
a car is smoking .
a security guard in the air .
a young boy in a blue shirt is swimming in a bucket .
a car is spinning its tires .
a man is dancing in front of a crowd .
a woman taking a break from a bike ride .
a girl in a blue scarf is standing next to a bike .
a woman wearing a scarf on her head .
a young woman walks next to an orange bicycle .
a girl is riding a bike .
a man is holding an object .
a group of people riding down a river .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a group of women are playing musical instruments .
a blond man in a white shirt is leaning against the toilets .
a man is standing on a telephone booth .
a man is standing next to a beach .
two girls sit on the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt holding a pipe .
a young man is holding a pipe .
a man is sitting in a chair holding a pipe .
a young man is holding a white pipe .
a man with a shopping bag is holding a shopping bag .
a young boy is riding a skateboard .
a kid looking at a snowboard .
a young man in a white shirt is watching the snow on the street .
a man looking at a snowboard .
a group of teenagers are gathered outside a building .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
a man is walking down the street with a cart .
a little boy is sitting on the ground with a broom .
two people having a conversation .
a man in a green shirt is pulling a pile of bread .
a group of people working on a project .
three children are sitting on a bench .
a black man is standing at the beach .
a man stands on a beach .
a dark skinned man standing on a beach .
a man stands on a beach with a wood cart .
a black man in a black shirt is on a beach .
a black and white dog is in the middle of the bleachers .
there is a yellow circle on the airplane .
a group of people are sitting on the elephant .
a large group of people are sitting on an elephant .
a black and white dog is standing in a yellow circle on the plane .
a dog runs through the snow .
two monks are standing outside of a church .
a woman is eating a meal .
a girl eats candy .
a boy in a white shirt and blue shorts is swimming in water .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a woman is holding a candy candy .
two children wearing hats .
a group of children wearing hats .
a group of children wearing hats .
two children , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a group of people taking a picture .
a group of people are standing near a road .
a group of people competing in a race .
a group of people are getting ready to fly .
families are sitting in the shade .
a lady is walking down the street .
a group of people dancing .
a car going down the street .
a group of people are riding bikes .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person in a hospital bed .
two men are working on scaffolding .
a worker in a hard hat is holding a tool .
two men are performing on stage .
a woman is lying in a hospital bed .
a female in a hospital bed .
two girls are playing in the snow .
a dog stands on his hind legs .
a man in a white shirt is playing the violin .
a small brown dog in a ballerina costume .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down a street .
a woman in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a woman talks to a group of people .
a group of people are listening to music .
people at a bar .
a black and white dog is jumping on a wall .
a group of people in a room .
people watching a football game .
two women are standing near a tv screen .
two women are having a conversation .
people watching a football game .
a woman walks down the street .
a man is cutting fruit .
a woman in a blue dress walks past a store .
a brunette woman carrying a purse is carrying a purse .
a woman is holding a woman 's hand .
a brunette in a black shirt is carrying a piece of paper .
a woman with brown hair and brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a dress walks down the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a bag .
a man is cutting corn .
two women are getting ready for a performance .
a large crowd of people are sitting in a stadium .
two women talking to each other .
a lady in a pink hat is standing in front of an audience .
a lady in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
two women are talking to each other .
two women are standing next to each other .
two women wearing aprons look at each other .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a lady is watching something .
a singer is playing a guitar .
a dog digs a hole in a yard .
a girl in a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a man is standing in front of a dishwasher .
a woman splashing in water .
a woman splashing in water .
a man is picking up his dinner .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
two children are sitting on an old truck .
a group of children are playing outside .
children playing around a truck .
two children are playing soccer .
two young boys are playing in a fountain .
a man is preparing food .
construction workers at night at night .
construction workers working at night .
construction worker in orange vest and hard hat working hard .
people working in the street .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a child swimming in the water .
two men sitting on a bench .
a man in a red and white uniform is jumping in the air .
a lady smiles as she smiles .
a little girl is preparing food .
a man looking into the distance .
a man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man looking out of a window .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a soldier crouches next to a tank .
a group of people at an art concert .
a soldier is attempting to throw a gun .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a soldier is standing in front of a building .
a group of people in a room with cameras on the wall .
a man in a white shirt is working on a machine .
four people talking to each other in a conference room .
a woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
two men are sitting at a table with computers .
several people talking in a conference room .
construction workers at a conference .
people practicing martial arts .
two girls looking at a paper .
two construction workers standing by the highway .
a young lady buying ice cream .
a man in a black shirt is working with equipment .
construction workers trying to take a break .
workers working on railroad tracks .
two people eating a meal .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a boy pointing at the sky .
two girls holding red flags .
a man is playing the violin .
two people talking to each other .
a man reading a newspaper .
firefighters climb a ladder .
a worker in a hard hat is working on a train .
a person standing in a store .
a woman in blue and white is standing in front of a crowd .
a band performs on stage .
firefighters climbing on a ladder .
a young girl wearing a tutu with a hula hoop .
a young girl with a backpack on her head .
a person standing next to a light pole .
a person washing clothes in a square .
a jockey is riding a horse in a rodeo .
a group of young adults smoking a cigarette .
a person jumps over a gate .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a horse .
a person is riding a horse .
a horse and rider are performing on stage .
a horse is jumping on a course .
a group of people in a store .
a group of people looking at magazines .
a man and a woman are walking down a busy street .
three older men look at books .
a man and a woman relaxing in the water .
people are sitting on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
two women talking to each other .
two boxers are playing in the water .
two women talking to each other .
a man in a red apron is preparing food .
two women wearing white shirts and blue jeans converse outside .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
a man working on a subway car on a subway train .
asian workers working on a project .
a child is riding on a lawn mower .
a little girl is standing in a car .
a man in a red shirt is sitting on a red scooter with a little girl on his lap .
two men are having a conversation in the distance .
a man working on a brick structure .
a man is working on a project .
a man is fixing something .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a large object .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is falling into the water .
a group of soccer players playing soccer .
a child sits in a tree .
a group of kids are riding bikes .
two men are chasing a sheep .
two men are riding a bull .
two men , one in a red shirt and one in a red shirt , are playing on horses .
two guys riding horses .
two people are riding horses .
two men wearing hats are chasing a bull on horses .
two men on horses chasing a bull .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are standing in front of a building .
three dogs are standing in a field .
a model is posing for a picture .
a group of people are standing in front of shops .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a photographer holds up a sign .
a group of people are sitting on benches .
a man is riding a bike .
several people are standing next to a body of water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in bathing suits sit on a beach .
a man is praying .
two girls are playing in the wind .
a man with long hair and a long sleeved shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a mountain biker in the snow .
a small group of people sitting around a table with drinks .
a small group of people sitting around a table with drinks .
four people sitting on a bench .
four people are hanging out of a building .
a man walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a kid is kicking into the air .
a girl is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a girl is kicking her leg in the air .
the brown dog is running through the grass .
a man riding a bike in the forest .
a kid is performing tricks on his bike .
a man rides his bike through the mountains .
a rider is riding a dirt bike .
a bmx biker rides his bike .
a man in a white t shirt is holding a map while a crowd of people watch .
a dog plays in the water .
the bike is stopped on the road .
a group of cyclists travel on the side of the road .
a black dog is playing in the water .
three people standing near a road .
two dogs swimming in the water .
a black and white dog is biting a black dog .
a parade in a parade .
two women in a parade .
people are dancing in the street .
a man and a woman are laughing .
two people dancing in a competition .
a man and a woman are dancing .
street dancers dressed in colorful pants and colorful pants are standing in a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman walking on a street .
people are walking down a busy street .
a woman in a blue robe is holding a woman in a blue robe .
a woman walks along a busy street .
a man with long hair smiles while wearing a hat .
a man with long hair is making a funny face .
a man in a brown shirt is holding a hat over his head .
a group of people walk down the street .
a man with long hair and a long sleeved shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
two dogs are standing in the grass .
children waiting for balloons .
a little girl in a pink shirt is bouncing on a trampoline .
a woman is fixing her leg .
a woman wearing black pants and a black shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl is standing in front of a house .
a little girl is standing in front of a house .
students are watching a professor in a classroom .
a man is riding a bike .
a boat in the water .
a woman in a headband with a racket .
a man standing on a boat .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing next to a car .
a man in a costume in a parade .
a man standing in front of a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
the drummer is playing the drums .
a man is playing an instrument .
a drummer laughing .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man cutting down a tree .
two men in hula hooping .
a group of young girls watch a concert .
a group of people are crossing the street at the crosswalk .
a group of people trying to cross the street .
a group of people biking across a city street .
people crossing a busy street .
people crossing the street .
a man smiles at the camera .
a group of cheerleaders are performing a routine .
three children are playing outside .
three little boys playing in the snow .
three children are standing in the snow .
two men are playing soccer .
two children walk down a hill .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of children are standing in front of a painting .
a child poses with a pumpkin .
a little boy is standing next to a gate .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people sitting on a bus .
a group of people waiting at a bus stop .
a crowd of people waiting for a train .
a group of people waiting to board a rail .
a bird flies over the water .
a bird flies through the water .
a bird is flying into the air .
a bird is flying through the water .
a black and white dog is landing in the water .
a young man is taking a picture of a camera .
two men are riding on a boat .
two children are playing in the snow .
two men are sitting on a boat .
a woman in a white shirt is working on a clothesline .
a group of people walk down a city street .
a group of people standing around a train station .
a man in a white shirt is hanging upside down .
a man in a white shirt is hanging upside down .
a man in a white shirt is painting a picture .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a building .
a man is sitting on a wall in front of a building .
a man is hanging upside down on a wall .
a woman is holding a hammer .
a woman in a white shirt is using a hammer .
a girl lies in a pile of leaves .
a group of women gathering together .
a man in a white shirt is hanging upside down .
a subway entrance on the subway .
a man in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
two teenage girls are playing soccer .
a baseball player with the ball in the foreground .
children are playing with a toy car .
a young boy is looking at a rock in the water .
two women walking arm in arm .
a person throwing a rock .
a young girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping in the air .
a group of people on a boat .
a man in a uniform is standing in front of an audience .
a young boy is playing in the water .
a young man in uniform stands in front of a microphone .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a person is standing in front of a picture .
a soldier is posing for a picture .
a woman is holding a guitar .
a man in a uniform is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is holding a gun .
a man is holding a gun .
a young boy is shooting a gun at a shooting event .
a group of people in a village .
a man shooting a gun .
a man sits next to a statue .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child holding a mop .
a child is holding a mop next to a sink .
a small child is in a laundry room .
a child is holding a map in a laundry room .
a young child is sweeping the floor of a laundry floor .
a couple sitting on a rock .
a construction worker working on railroad tracks .
two people looking at the ocean .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
two children walk on a tiled floor .
a child in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
three children are walking and eating .
two women are sitting at a table at a banquet table .
a group of adults and children are holding food .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two blond women share a meal at a table .
two women are having a conversation .
a woman is giving her food .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
two women are preparing food at a table .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
two women eating food .
a woman holding a plate of food .
people eating at a table .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person walks down a sandy beach .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a broom .
a young boy is in a laundry room with a broom .
a young boy is holding something .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a sink .
a child is holding a broom in a kitchen .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a bicycle .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking into the top of an orange traffic tunnel .
a young boy in a yellow shirt is holding a cone box .
people are standing in a buffet line .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people getting ready for a meal .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a bed .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two african american people sitting on a couch .
two people sit on a couch .
a man and a woman are sitting on couches .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
four friends gather at a park bench .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people are smiling .
a group of people talking and talk .
an older lady is holding a hammer .
a woman is looking at a hammer .
an elderly woman is using a hammer .
a woman is using a hammer .
a band plays on stage .
a painter working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is operating a wire .
a man is working on a wire .
a band is performing on stage .
a man making a presentation .
a man talking to a man in a restaurant .
a band is performing on stage .
a man holding a drink .
a man in a white shirt is holding a drink .
a man in a blue suit is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is holding a bottle of beer .
two boys are doing tricks on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on his skateboard .
a group of people are skateboarding .
a group of skateboarders at a skate park .
kids riding skateboards on a ramp .
two hockey players waiting for the ball .
a man in a yellow shirt holding a sleeping baby .
two hockey players fighting for the puck .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are walking past a crowd .
a group of women are dancing .
a group of people trying to grab a puck .
a girl is throwing leaves .
a gathering of people at a temple .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a group of people gather for a ceremony .
a group of people at a ceremony .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two boats in the water .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man is watching the sunset .
a young child is playing soccer .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding a baby in her arms .
a man in a backpack is standing in a field .
three people are performing music on stage .
a woman in a green dress with two other people in the background .
a man wearing a backpack leans on a piece of wood .
two dogs play in the grass .
an elderly man in an orange shirt is walking down a road with two wheels .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are smiling while sitting on a couch .
a man is pulling a vehicle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking through a large field .
a man hiking through a field .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench in a park .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a man sitting on a bench .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench with his foot up .
two old men are sitting on a couch .
people sitting on a bench .
a red car race .
a man is playing a guitar while another man watches .
two people talking to each other .
a woman is holding a baby .
a mother sits and feeding her baby .
a woman holding a baby .
a mother and her child are sitting on a street .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a baby is playing with a plastic toy toy .
a woman at a train station .
a young child is holding a hose .
a woman waits for a train .
a man is waiting for a train .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a girl is playing in the water .
a man with sunglasses on his head is playing a slot machine .
a man in a black sweatshirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue sweatshirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a jacket is playing a slot machine .
a person in a snow covered coat stands in the snow .
a man is standing in front of a skier .
a man skiing down a mountain .
two men are standing in the snow .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are painting a picture of a man .
a man is skiing down a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture on the snow .
a person is holding a guitar .
a man in a red shirt is crossing a snowy mountain .
a man skiing on skis .
a man standing outside of a building .
a man skis down a snowy slope .
a man looking at a camera .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of people sitting on steps .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a little girl in swimming trunks is standing in the water .
a child is playing in the snow .
a child splashing in water .
a girl is swinging on a swing .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting on a swing in a park .
two girls drinking beer .
two girls standing in front of a bike .
two girls in front of bicycles .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting in water .
a man is looking at something .
a man is looking at fruit .
two people standing next to a fruit stand .
a man is dancing on a stage .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
three people are walking down the street .
a clown is riding a bucking bronco .
a group of people are canoeing in the woods .
a clown is riding a bucking bronco .
a cowboy is falling off of a bucking bull .
a man falling off a bull .
a man is sitting on the ground .
a group of people are standing near a puppy .
two women are walking together .
two women talking .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
two women walk down the street .
people in a subway subway .
a young man playing drums .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing in a park .
a black and white dog carrying a stuffed animal .
an elephant walks down the street .
an elephant walks with an elephant .
an elephant is carrying an elephant .
a pitcher is throwing a pitch .
an elephant is holding flowers in his mouth .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a doctor is taking a nap .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a child is looking at something in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a young boy 's hand .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a little boy is posing for a picture .
a girl in a red dress is playing a red cello .
an older woman and a young girl pose for a picture in the background .
a woman in a blue shirt is showing a young boy in the background .
a child looking at a goat .
a young girl is sitting on a bench .
an old lady is showing kids to a dog .
a woman in black is looking at a young boy .
a boy with glasses and a woman wearing glasses are sitting on a bench .
two women are walking down the street .
two children are playing with water .
a group of people in a church .
a group of people at a marketplace .
a group of people at a convention .
a group of people at a convention .
a group of people at an event .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is looking at the sky .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a man in a blue hat looking at train tracks .
a man is looking at a man on a railroad tracks .
a dog in the air .
a dog jumps over a man 's mouth .
a man and a dog play with a pink frisbee .
a brown and white dog catches a frisbee .
a city bus is stopped on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street with an advertisement on its back .
a dog catches a frisbee in its mouth .
a man is sitting in a boat .
a group of people are walking on a sunny day .
a man is holding a flag on the street .
a statue of a statue .
a man in a boat in a boat .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people are standing in a window .
a man sits in front of a tent .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring something out of the sand .
a man in a white shirt is pouring something into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is pouring something into a tent .
two women are shopping at a market .
people getting ready to race .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is cooking at his lunch .
a group of people are running .
a group of people at a supermarket .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a native american african american girl dressed in native native clothing is dancing .
a group of people are gathered for an event .
a group of native americans are dressed in traditional clothing .
native americans are dressed in native costumes .
a group of native americans are dressed in traditional clothing .
three people are singing and dancing .
a group of people in a subway station .
two women in white shirts are petting a goat .
a football player tries to tackle the ball .
a young girl in a pink dress is stretching her softball .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike down the street .
a little boy in a green shirt with a green shirt on .
a boy is riding a bike in a park .
a child and a man are riding a bike .
two people are riding bikes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person climbing a cliff .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man reading a paper .
three people are sitting in the grass .
a car is spraying water from the water .
a car is running in the mud .
a group of runners racing on a track .
a woman is sitting on a boat in front of a boat .
two women are looking at the ocean .
two children are blowing bubbles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is playing with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a group of people on a boat .
a young boy in a green shirt is holding a large bubble .
people are watching a car race .
an elderly man is sitting on a bench .
a soccer player holding a ball .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a soccer game is being played .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
people playing soccer .
a football player in a white shirt is looking at the ball .
a man is getting ready to eat .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people playing soccer .
two women are making a peace sign .
a group of people are riding motorcycles on the street .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is riding a motorcycle .
people riding motorcycles on the street .
a group of people wearing helmets .
a group of people are walking down the street .
the brown dog is sitting on the grass .
three boys are standing on a wall .
two tan dogs are biting each other .
three dogs are standing in a field .
a group of dogs on the grass .
a brown dog and a brown dog are standing together .
two dogs playing in the grass .
a man is holding a baby .
a lady is sitting on a chair with her foot on the sidewalk .
an elderly woman is sitting in a chair with a cane .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
an elderly woman sits in a chair with her foot on her shoe .
a woman is eating a meal in a restaurant .
a woman is eating food .
a woman with a backpack is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on the floor at a restaurant .
people eating in a restaurant .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are sitting on the floor .
a group of people are eating at a restaurant while a man looks on .
a man is sitting on a bench eating a newspaper .
a policeman is standing on the street .
a group of children at a diner .
a man with gray hair is sitting in a chair with a pen in his lap .
four people sit on a bar in front of a yellow wall .
four small children are sitting on stools .
four children are sitting on a bench .
a policeman is standing outside of a building .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is biting a tennis ball .
a black and white dog is wearing a sweater .
a man is standing in front of a building .
two women , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are making a conversation .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child is fishing on a boat .
a person is holding a fishing pole .
a little girl catches a fish .
a band is jumping in the air .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man listening to music .
people listening to music .
people playing instruments in the street .
a group of people playing in the street in front of a crowd .
a group of people jump in the air .
a group of people jumping in the air in the air .
a group of people jump in the air .
a team of football players dressed in white and white .
a football player in a red jersey is playing with a football .
a coach stands with his arms on the sidelines .
a group of football players cheering on the football field .
a rock climber scales a rock face .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two young men are competing in a race .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a table .
a street vendor selling items .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a pile of wool .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a booth .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a grill .
two girls swing on a metal bar .
two people are hanging from a bar .
two children are hanging on a bar .
two children playing in a park .
a man in a blue shirt is eating food .
a young man is playing basketball .
a happy family smiling and smiling .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a couch .
a family plays in the living room .
two dogs are standing inside a fence .
four men dressed in black are standing in front of a building .
four men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt and black shorts , are standing in front of
a man painting an advertisement .
the brown dog is digging in the sand .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a young man in a blue shirt is playing basketball in a park .
a man in a white shirt is shooting a basketball .
a basketball player dribbles a basketball on the court .
a young man in a green shirt and blue jeans is rolling a basketball in a park .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing a game in a park .
a group of children watching a skateboarder in a skate park .
a dog is digging in the snow .
a child diving into a pool .
a woman paints a picture .
a black and white dog running through the grass .
two dogs are fighting .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a woman taking a picture of another woman .
a woman in a suit is walking in a grassy area .
a man in a skirt walks past a man in a business suit .
an indian man is sitting on a bench .
two people are walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking together .
two women walk down the street .
women walking down a street .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a woman is smoking a cigarette while walking down the street .
a group of friends at a festival .
two children are playing football .
a group of people on a firetruck .
children playing football .
two children are sitting on a truck .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a brown and brown dog is running through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt stands next to a subway store .
a person doing a handstand in the water .
a man and a man are standing in front of a shop .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people in the air in front of a stadium .
a person jumping from a diving board .
a man standing outside of a building .
two kids wrestle for a soccer ball .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a group of people performing on stage .
a group of people are standing on a stage .
a man is speaking to a group of people .
a group of people performing on stage .
three men are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing in the water .
a man is standing in the sand .
a group of people are sitting on a boat .
a group of young boys are looking at a young boy .
a group of children are paddling a boat .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of santa players walk in the city .
a woman in an orange dress is talking on her cellphone .
a lady standing by a sign .
a chef in a chef 's apron is cooking and cooking .
a man is standing next to a white tent .
a man in a green shirt is standing by a restaurant .
a man standing by a food stand .
a man in a black shirt is standing outside of a restaurant .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man stands next to a food stand .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is painting a building .
a woman and her friend wait for the ball .
two scuba divers in the water .
scuba divers in the water .
a man and a woman are wearing scuba gear .
two scuba divers are cutting a piece of equipment .
a man in a cap and gloves is using a hammer .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a young man reading a book in a vehicle .
a team of football players are working on the ground .
a man wearing snowshoes and a hard hat is standing in front of a building .
people are running in a marathon .
runners are running .
people are running in a marathon .
people are competing in a race .
a group of runners are running in a parade .
people are competing in a race .
a football player is trying to get the ball .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man is pushing a machine on a dirt road .
two people are walking down the street .
two nurses laugh at work .
a nurse in a purple shirt is talking to another man .
a nurse is having a conversation .
two nurses talking to each other .
two nurses talking .
two people talking to each other .
two nurses looking at something .
a nurse in a hospital gown is brushing his teeth .
a crowd of people gathered around a fire .
a group of people at the top of a cliff .
a group of people are looking at something .
a crowd of people looking at something .
a busy city street .
a city street .
a crowded city street .
a busy city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a singer in a leather jacket is singing into a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a small girl is eating a snack .
a man is twirling a tennis ball .
a child is playing in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing on the pavement .
a child running in a field .
a young boy with a painted face on his face .
two people are fishing .
a group of people are fishing .
a group of people are fishing .
a man and a woman fishing in the water .
two men fighting .
an asian man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man with a white wig is standing on a street .
a man with a beard and a plaid shirt is standing next to a woman with a ponytail .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man behind a woman standing behind a woman in a black shirt .
a girl in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a billboard of a billboard on the road .
a group of people on a sidewalk .
a young girl in a red dress is sitting in a wheelchair with a red ribbon in her lap .
two women and two girls are sitting in hay .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man shaving a barber 's head .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a snowboarder in the air .
a skier flies off a rock .
a group of people running down a snowy hill .
three girls are riding a car .
four people are walking on a dirt road in a stream .
a woman is working on a project .
a man is standing alone on a bench .
two men standing outside of a building .
two people are walking along a building .
two women sitting on a bench .
a person sits next to a body of water .
a man drinking from a water bottle .
a musician is sitting in a chair .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a man with a microphone plays a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is working on a roof .
a man poses for a picture .
a man is sitting in front of a microphone .
two teenagers sit on a dock and check their cellphones .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a wall .
two dogs play in the snow .
four people are sitting on a bench .
two guys sitting and talking .
a young boy in a red shirt stands in the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is holding his hand .
a toddler is riding a bike .
two dogs playing with a stick in a field .
doctors are performing surgery .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants is holding her daughter 's hand .
two children are playing in the water .
a singer is singing into a microphone .
a little boy holds a finger in his mouth .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a boat on the beach .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two young men wrestling in a wrestling match .
a group of people are playing outside .
a woman in blue hits a tennis ball .
a group of people are standing outside a building .
a group of people are watching an event .
two females are sitting on a bench .
a group of people wearing costumes .
a young girl stands in front of a microphone .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man is standing on a boat .
a man is dancing in front of a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a ship .
two firemen standing near a bush .
a woman is looking at a crowd of people .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man in a black shirt is making a pancake .
a football player in a red jersey is playing with the ball .
a soccer player is laying down on the grass .
soccer players playing soccer .
a man is helping another woman play with a ball .
a dog is playing in the snow .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a vendor pushes a cart down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman in an old city .
a man shooting a gun .
a man shooting a gun .
a man is holding a gun .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a police officer in an orange shirt is working on an area .
a construction worker in a white shirt and jeans is standing on a city street .
a team is rowing a boat .
two men in orange vests and hard hats are working on a train .
two police officers on a city street .
an asian woman sitting on a bench .
a young girl wearing a winter coat looks at the camera .
three girls are playing in a field .
two children are pulling faces .
a group of men wearing hard hats are standing in front of a building .
three children pose for a picture .
three girls are sitting on a bench .
a girl is blowing bubbles .
a group of people are blowing bubbles .
a little girl is playing on a street .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing next to a group of people .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a young blond girl plays with bubbles in a mall .
a young girl in a pink shirt is playing with a hula hoop .
a woman is blowing bubbles with a little girl who is looking on .
a man is selling fruit .
a child is standing in front of a group of children .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench in front of a sign that says " we see you ."
a girl and a woman are blowing bubbles .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of men stand around a table .
a group of musicians playing musical instruments .
a group of people playing bagpipes .
construction workers working on a city street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a wakeboarder in the air .
a group of men are playing in the water .
a man in a black shirt and black shorts is jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is wearing a blue shirt .
a construction worker sits at his station .
a guy is sitting at a table with a laptop .
a man in a white shirt and white pants is sitting in front of a computer
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of several computers .
a man with a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in a computer room .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man is sitting behind a desk .
a man wearing a mask .
a group of people are standing in front of a house .
a man standing outside of a shop .
a child sits in a machine .
a man is trying to catch a bull .
a man and a child marching in a parade .
a man with glasses and glasses holds a microphone .
a group of people playing basketball .
a man throwing an arrow .
a man is riding his bike .
two men are working on a project .
people standing on a cruise ship .
two men and a woman are standing in front of a group of people .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of five people are sitting on a bench .
a group of men are standing in front of a large grill .
a girl is swinging on a swing .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
a black and white dog is playing in the grass .
two dogs playing with each other .
a black dog is playing with a toy .
two dogs fighting .
a woman is working in a bakery .
a man in a black dress and apron is looking at the menu .
a woman picking up bread .
a black and white dog bites another dog .
a small dog is walking through the grass .
a person is painting a picture of a large building in the background .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is painting a picture .
a dog is climbing over another dog .
a dog runs through the snow .
a white dog is climbing on another dog .
a dog is climbing over a log .
a brown dog is biting a log .
two boys are riding a skateboard .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a white dog jumps over a log .
a dog jumps in the air .
a black and white dog jumps in the air .
a black and white dog is jumping over a log .
a dog is running through the snow .
a dog runs through a field .
a dog is climbing over a log .
a little brown dog is climbing over a log in the woods .
a boy in a blue shirt and a girl in a blue shirt are standing in front of a tree .
two children are talking in a church .
two children are having a conversation .
a little boy and a girl are talking in a church in a church .
a group of children are in a church .
two children in a church .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
two children are standing on the ground .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
a girl is swinging on a swing .
a person walking down the street .
a little kid is playing at a park .
a man in a green shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a group of people marching on a road .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a bearded man in a leather jacket is handing out a sign .
two dogs fighting .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a child is sitting next to a book .
a young girl playing soccer .
a male gymnast in a blue shirt is spinning his leg .
a dog is running through the grass .
a skier is walking down the street .
two children eating food .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two children are eating a meal .
a group of children enjoying a snack .
children eating food .
the sun shining on the sun .
a bull rider riding a bull .
a bull rider tries to catch a bull .
a cowboy is sitting on a bucking bull .
a bull rider riding a bucking bull .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a man walking past a banner .
a girl and a boy are eating at a table .
two children are sitting at a table eating food .
a group of people are eating food .
a little girl and a child eating .
two children are sitting at a table eating food .
children eating a meal .
a crowd of people at a sporting event .
a group of people working outside a building .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing at directions .
two construction workers dig a hole .
a group of people working on a roof .
two men , one in a green shirt and one in a green shirt , are standing on a dirt road .
construction workers are working on a construction project .
two men are picking up trash .
a group of men are looking at plants .
two men in hard hats are drilling a hole .
two construction workers are doing construction work .
an orchestra plays music .
people in blue hats are listening to each other .
a group of people playing instruments outside .
a group of musicians performing on stage .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a man playing a guitar on a street .
a group of musicians playing music .
an orchestra plays in an orchestra .
two people swimming in a pool .
two men are working on a dirt road .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a group of people at a park .
two men looking at machinery .
a crowd of people are playing instruments outside .
a band plays in a band .
a group of musicians playing instruments in a park .
a band is listening to music .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
a little girl sleeps with her dog .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
the ice skater is wearing a white shirt while another person watches .
tourists are sitting on the water .
a little girl in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
people walking down the street holding umbrellas .
a girl is jumping on a trampoline .
a child jumping on a trampoline .
a child is jumping on a trampoline .
a man gives a speech .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man sitting on a subway .
two people are walking down the street .
a man is looking out of a door .
a person with a cigarette in his mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is smiling .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a sword .
a man is walking through the snow .
three people are using a hammer .
a dog performs a trick in the air .
a dog is playing in the grass .
a black and white dog is pulling a wheelbarrow .
a horse is walking along a rocky beach .
a horse is working on the shore .
a black and white dog is pulling a black and white dog on the beach .
a horse is pulling on a horse .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
a group of people are walking through the snow .
three people are sitting on a bench .
three people on a snowy mountain .
three people are sitting on a mountain .
three people resting on a mountain .
three people are taking a break on a snowy mountain .
a man is laying on the ground .
a child in rollerblades slides down a ramp .
a woman with an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
people watching a presentation .
a person in a white shirt is holding a guitar .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a professor is teaching a class .
a mother and daughter enjoying the day .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a man is talking to another man .
a street vendor selling bananas .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a man in a white shirt is preparing to read a book .
a man standing with a book .
a man in a black jacket is teaching a young girl in a black jacket .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a bicycle .
a crowd watches a martial arts match .
a man is selling fruit .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of women and women are preparing food on a table .
two women are feeding a group of children .
a woman is standing by a table .
a woman is shopping for food .
people swimming in a pool .
two women are cooking .
a woman preparing food in a restaurant .
a group of people walking in the rain .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a man in a sweater is standing next to a butcher shop .
a woman is working at a store .
a man in a white shirt is standing outside of a house .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a sweater stands outside of a building .
a dog jumps over a fence .
a dog plays in the grass .
a group of women are standing around a table .
two men are competing in a golf competition .
a man prepares to hit a golf ball .
a man is playing golf .
a golfer is hitting a ball in the hole .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a baseball team is watching a baseball game .
a group of people are smiling .
a lot of cars on the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on the ground .
a couple standing outside of a street .
a girl in a pink shirt waves waves .
two men are drinking out of wine .
a dog runs on a beach .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog swims in the water .
a dog runs across the beach .
a dog on a beach .
three people are walking down the street .
a man is painting a picture .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
two girls are preparing to board a small sailboat on the beach .
men on a boat on a boat .
a little boy in a gray shirt is standing in front of a brick wall .
two men drinking beer .
a group of fishermen are fishing .
a person walking down the street .
a person in a blue hat stands in the snow .
a boy is walking down the street .
a man in a black hat and white hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a cap looks into a car .
a man walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is looking at a woman .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person wearing a backpack is riding a bicycle .
a man hiking up a hill .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people in a boat .
a man and a woman are working on a project .
a woman is holding a net .
a group of people are riding a boat .
three men are standing outside a building .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a man is sitting on a couch .
a smiling child sits at a table in a restaurant .
a man with glasses works on a piece of paper .
a skier takes a picture of a sign .
a motorcyclist is jumping in the air .
a motorcyclist flies his dirt bike .
a young boy slides down a slide .
a little boy is playing on a slide .
a dirt bike rider is airborne .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a rock .
a group of people playing instruments .
a couple enjoying a meal .
a black dog is sniffing in the grass .
children playing in a bathtub .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people waiting for a train .
a group of people at a restaurant .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a boy is climbing up rocks .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is holding a large rock .
a man climbing a rock .
a puppy is running through the grass .
a man operating a grill .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs on grass .
a black dog is running through the snow .
a father is kissing his newborn son on the forehead .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting in a chair .
a boy jumping into a pool .
a person hanging upside down from a metal bar .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a young boy is swinging on a bar .
a young boy is doing a handstand on a bar .
a young boy swinging on a swing .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a boy hanging upside down on a playground .
a man in a white shirt is running down the street .
two young boys are riding a bike .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of people are diving into a pool .
a boy is playing in a room .
a guitarist playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is using a map .
a man with a black mustache is using a knife to cut a chicken .
a man in a gray shirt cutting meat with a knife in his lap .
a man is preparing food .
a chef is cutting food .
a man in a white shirt is selling food .
a man cooking a meal .
a group of people are preparing food outside .
a couple posing for a picture .
a group of motorcyclists in the street .
a group of motorcyclists in the street .
people riding motorcycles on a street .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
people are driving down a road .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball .
three men are standing outside a building .
a toddler is petting a toddler .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are posing for a picture .
children are sitting in a cart .
a child splashing in a puddle .
a group of children are sitting on the grass .
a group of dogs running in a field .
a young boy in a green jacket is laying down on the grass .
a group of people sitting in a cart .
a child is playing in the water .
two men competing in a wrestling match .
a man is sitting on a beach on a beach .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man in shorts and a white shirt holds a ball at the beach .
a man is playing with a brown dog .
a man on a beach with his two dogs .
a young girl with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a girl holding a butterfly on her finger .
a man in a black shirt is singing .
a girl is holding a butterfly .
a little girl is sitting on a small girl 's shoulders .
a group of people playing music in a room .
a man pulling a broom down the street .
two teenagers are reading a magazine .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting at a table with a large stick .
a tattooed man is pouring beer into a microphone .
a man with tattoos is using a beer .
a man is sitting on a stage with a cigarette in his mouth .
a group of people are walking in a field .
a musician is writing on a violin .
two dogs are walking in the grass .
three dogs are playing in the water .
three dogs play in the snow .
a dog swims in the water .
a man wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap is throwing a baseball .
a picture of a building .
men pushing a truck .
a group of people in a town square .
a man in a white shirt stands over an alleyway .
a man is walking down the road .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a man and a girl shaking hands on a field .
a young girl poses with a young girl .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a soccer fan dressed in white and white .
a soccer player and a female fan .
two people riding motorcycles on a track .
two people riding their motorcycles on a track .
two people are riding motorcycles on a track .
two motorcycle riders are racing on a track .
two people are riding motorcycles .
people riding motorcycles on motorcycles .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are racing on the street .
two men are racing motorcycles .
three girls jump into the air .
three women jumping from a rock .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three girls standing on a rock in the desert .
three people are standing on a rock .
a man is bowling .
a group of people walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a flower shirt is bowling .
people at a bowling alley .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person picking up a soccer ball .
a man is standing in the water with a fishing pole .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a man is looking at something in the water .
a man in a white shirt is working on a dock .
a person standing on a dock on a dock .
a motocross racer races down a racetrack .
two people are walking in the woods .
a man and a woman walk through a forest .
a hiker walks through the woods .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a pink shirt and a boy in pink are walking through the woods .
two children are walking along a trail .
two children are walking down the street .
two men grilling outside on a grill .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are cooking outside .
two men are cooking outside .
two men are cooking outside .
a group of people are cooking .
two people are walking down the street .
a man is preparing food .
two dogs running in the snow .
a man in a religious suit is wearing a religious suit .
people are swimming in a pool .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a basketball fan prepares to block the ball .
a bartender is giving a beer .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a computer .
two women are smiling .
a welder working on a project .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a group of women dressed in costumes are walking down the street .
two women pose for a picture .
two women pose for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of women are standing on their heads .
a man welding a pipe .
a man welding a piece of metal .
a woman is posing for a picture .
two women pose for a picture .
two women , one wearing a purple hat and the other wearing a purple hat , are walking down the street .
two women are standing next to each other .
two women are posing for a picture .
a young man is eating a meal .
a man in a black t shirt is eating a meal .
a man in a blue shirt is eating a hotdog .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a person carrying a bag is carrying a bag on his head .
a person skis down a snowy hill .
a person skis down a snowy hill .
a person is riding a roller coaster .
a person is riding a sled down a snowy hill .
a person is riding a sled down a hill .
a group of people are dancing .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
men having a conversation in a bar .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to catch a bicycle .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two dogs in the snow .
people sitting on a couch .
people sitting on a couch .
people playing video games .
a woman is sitting in a chair with a child .
two women having a conversation .
a lady and a girl are making crafts .
a man and a woman are making crafts .
a woman and a girl are making crafts .
an older lady and a girl are making crafts .
a lady and girl making crafts .
a small girl in a blue shirt is making a craft .
a man walks down the street .
a lady looking at something .
a young boy in a blue shirt is mowing the grass .
a man and three children are looking at something in the distance .
a boy in a blue shirt is cutting the grass .
a man is listening to headphones .
two dogs play in the snow .
two golden retriever running in the snow .
two golden retriever running in a snowy desert .
two dogs running in the snow .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two brown dogs run down the sidewalk .
a puppy is wearing a blue shirt .
a man is standing outside of a building .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a bar .
a man is walking by a wall .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people are in the water .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people sitting in a room .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are listening to a woman in a black dress .
a woman is coming out of a cab .
people standing around a boat .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a little boy in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a couch .
a woman in a white shirt is blowing bubbles .
a young boy hiding on a couch .
a little boy is playing on a couch .
a boy sitting on a couch .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking in the water .
a little boy laying on a sofa .
a young boy is sitting on a sofa .
a little boy is looking up .
a boy in a plaid shirt looks up .
a boy in blue lays on a couch .
a child sitting on a couch .
three people sitting at a table .
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
two people are watching a speech .
a group of people are at a conference conference .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of people are in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of children are playing outside .
kids playing in the water .
two children are sitting on the water .
a group of children in blue shirts are standing in a field .
a man and a woman are enjoying the view of the sunset .
a boy holding a stick .
a white and white dog in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a young boy is hitting a hotdog .
a man kayaking in a river .
a man and a woman sit on a dock .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a black and white dog is standing next to a woman .
two people are sitting on a dock .
a woman with a brown dog and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman is taking a drink .
a woman is taking a picture of a woman and a dog .
a woman is watching a dog drink .
a child is sleeping on a bed .
a group of people performing on stage .
a band is performing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a drummer performs a song on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a bike rider is riding on a hill .
a biker is riding a bike .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a child is playing in the snow .
a woman in a black shirt pours a watermelon .
a man and a woman prepare drinks in cups .
two employees are making drinks .
a man and woman are making coffee .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a snowboarder in the air .
a man in a black shirt shoveling snow .
two men are walking along a stone wall .
a person is shoveling snow .
a man shoveling snow .
a man in a green jacket is running through the woods .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
people are throwing water under a bridge .
a child is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a green blouse stands in the road .
a man is standing next to a ladder .
a man in a red shirt and light blue jeans is looking over something in a box .
a man in a white shirt is bending over on a sidewalk .
a man and a man are standing in front of a large building .
a person wearing protective gear is riding a bike .
a guy in a red shirt is laying down on the ground .
a group of people are gathered around a horse .
a group of men are standing in front of a cake .
a race race .
a girl in boots dancing .
a car on a road .
two people are standing in a car .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a curtain .
a group of people are parked in a car .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
students are sitting on the floor and cheering .
a group of people are laughing .
a group of people smiling and smiling .
a group of young people are gathered around a table .
a black dog is trying to make a turn to make a turn .
a dog with its mouth open .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boat going down a river .
a man and a woman are walking towards the camera .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
two girls are walking down the street .
a group of girls are walking together .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are dancing .
a man is standing on top of a man 's head .
a group of people perform on a stage .
a man in a red shirt is taking a swing at an amusement park .
a man in a hat is sitting in a chair .
a woman is dancing on a stage .
a woman dances in front of a microphone .
a man in a white dress is walking down a street .
a woman in a white wedding dress hugs a woman in a white dress .
a woman is leaving an airport .
a woman is carrying her backpack .
a lady is carrying her backpack .
a woman poses in front of an airport .
a woman is standing on a sidewalk .
a bride and groom pose for the camera .
a man is standing next to a white carriage .
a bride in a blue dress is hugging a bride .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a suit stands next to a white carriage pulling a carriage .
a bride is taking a picture .
a bride and groom are standing next to each other .
a bride and groom are kissing a carriage .
a woman is drawing a picture .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man and a man dressed in black are standing in front of a building .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a crowd .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men looking at something .
a man and a woman are standing in a crowd .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men looking down at something .
a person wearing a hood is walking in the snow .
a woman in a red jacket stands on a rock next to a woman in a red jacket .
a woman wearing sunglasses and sunglasses is walking down the street .
a person spray paint paint .
a man dives into a lake .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a view of the mountains .
a man is working on a project .
a person in a forest is climbing a tree .
a man in a blue jacket is standing in a blue jacket .
three men are standing outside of a house .
a group of construction workers are working together .
a group of people are gathered around a house .
two men are walking down the street .
a young girl in a white shirt is using a bottle of water .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a cowboy hat is talking to a woman .
a man talks to a woman on a city street .
a man speaks to a woman in a city .
a man in jeans and a cowboy hat is speaking with a woman on the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a woman in a white shirt .
a woman is holding a bottle .
a martial arts match in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are painting .
a young person is sitting on a beach with a sunset .
two dogs in the grass .
a person is holding onto a pole .
a group of people are playing with water .
a young girl in a white shirt is spraying water into the water .
two dogs playing with a toy toy .
two cowboys riding a bucking bronco .
a woman rides her bicycle down the street .
a woman is riding a bicycle down the street .
an elderly woman is standing next to a garbage bag .
two men fencing in a field .
two men are chasing a calf in front of a fence .
two men are trying to lasso a calf .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man and a cowboy are performing on a bucking bronco .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are standing near trees .
a white man in a white shirt is digging a hole with a shovel in the forest .
a band is playing instruments .
a black and white dog is lying down in front of a tennis ball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young person is skateboarding .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a musician sings into a microphone .
a man playing a keyboard .
a man playing a keyboard .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a shopping bag .
people are eating at a festival .
two men are playing music .
a picnic table in a park .
men working in the woods .
people working in the woods .
a group of men working on a construction project .
a group of people in the woods .
young men working on a project .
people are sitting on a bus .
a crowd of people are gathered in a crowd .
a group of people are climbing a bus .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog leaps to catch a frisbee .
a lady in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman on a boardwalk on a boardwalk .
a woman is painting a picture .
two children are running in a race .
girls running in a race .
children in a race .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man in a suit is standing in a crowd .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man standing by a door .
a man in a suit is wearing a suit .
a woman is eating lunch at a restaurant .
an old man with gray hair is sitting in a chair .
a child playing in the grass .
a man and two women are hugging each other .
a person is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a man riding a bike in the woods .
two women are standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is running down a street .
a black and white dog is sniffing a purple dog in a grassy field .
a group of people gathered around a concert .
a cyclist wearing a red helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a bicycle race race .
a person riding a bicycle in a race .
a man is riding a bike in the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog bites on something .
an old man and a dog are playing with a dog .
a man in jeans and a leather jacket is walking down a sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman poses for the camera .
an elderly woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a colorful dress is holding a large flower .
a woman dressed in purple is standing in front of a microphone .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting at a table with her purse .
people holding flags .
a man is standing on a boat .
a fisherman standing on rocks .
a man in a blue shirt stands near the ocean .
a fisherman is standing on top of rocks .
a fisherman sits on rocks near the ocean .
a man fishing in the ocean .
a man is standing on a beach .
people on ice skating .
a line of ice skating on a track .
a group of people are rollerskating .
a little girl is holding a basket in a wedding .
a little girl in a wedding dress is standing at a wedding .
a flower girl with a white basket is holding a white basket .
a little girl in a pink dress is standing in front of a wedding .
a girl is holding a basket in a wedding .
a man in a small boat in a small boat .
a person is buried in the snow .
a little boy in a yellow hat holds a yellow hat .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
three people are working on a tree .
a man in a construction hat stands next to a tree .
a child throwing a snowball .
a man climbs a tree branch .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in a pool .
a bus with people in the background .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a child is swimming in a pool .
a man and a girl swimming in a pool .
a party party at night .
a man stands in front of a man in a suit .
a group of people are standing in front of a billboard .
a black and white dog is chasing a log .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a blue shirt is cutting a knife .
a group of people protesting in the street .
two children are playing soccer .
a large crowd of people at a party .
two children are playing in the snow .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a motocross driver drives past a racetrack .
a band plays at a concert .
two children , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting in water .
a young man is playing golf .
a blond child with blond hair is sitting on the ground .
a man is playing golf .
a man is waiting for the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man playing golf on a golf field .
a child in a blue bathing suit is jumping into the water .
a black and white dog is standing in a pool .
a man sitting in a van .
a man in a black vest is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man is sitting in a vehicle .
two dogs racing in a race .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is watching a child .
two young girls ice skating .
two people with their arms raised on an ice rink .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walking in the rain .
an elderly lady crossing the street .
an elderly woman is walking in the rain .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a football player in a red uniform is about to tackle the football players .
a child in a blue shirt and blue shorts is in the water .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man standing outside of a store .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is waiting to cross the street .
a man leans against a van .
a man leaning against a van in front of a shop .
a man jumping in the air .
a group of people at an event .
a group of people at a party .
a crowd of people are watching a performance .
a girl wearing black pants and a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are laughing .
a man is sitting on a green chair with a little girl in a dress .
a father and daughter enjoying the day .
four dogs are standing in the grass .
tourists in new york city .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a black t shirt are watching a man in a black t shirt and a man in a black t shirt .
a dog laying on the ground .
a large brown dog lays down in the snow .
two tan dogs are laying down on a bench .
a black and white dog is laying down and looking at something .
a brown and white dog is relaxing in the grass .
a black and white dog is sitting on the grass .
a man fishes off a dock .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
two people are standing next to each other .
a clown is blowing bubbles .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a woman and a baby are sitting on top of each other .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a mother sitting on a blanket on a blanket .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a toy store .
a blond man in a red shirt and a boy in a red shirt are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a child is looking at toys in a store .
a child is playing in the snow .
a black and white dog is running .
a black and white dog plays in the snow .
people sledding down a snowy hill .
a man and a dog are standing in front of a building .
two men watch a dog play in the grass .
a man in a white shirt is playing pool .
a man is about to take a shot in a pool .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play in the street .
two dogs fighting in the grass .
two dogs are running in the grass .
two dogs fighting .
a snowboarder jumps off a snow ramp .
a woman with a cart is standing next to a wall with graffiti on it .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a man in a black shirt is snowboarding .
two dogs are standing in a field .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a group of people on bikes .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a photographer takes a photo .
a model poses for a picture .
the image of the image is broken .
a group of people on a bus .
a man in a hat lays down on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a field .
two dogs run through the grass .
an old man is playing the drums .
an adult is holding an umbrella .
a man in a colorful costume is wearing a colorful costume .
a person in a colorful outfit holding a trophy .
a lady with a scarf on her head .
a person with fruit on his head .
a woman with a black dress and a black umbrella with fruit on their head .
a man dressed in red and black is walking down the street .
a man is holding an umbrella .
a woman in a white dress is walking down a street .
a group of people are playing musical instruments .
a sign with a sign on it .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is playing in the snow .
a man in a white shirt holding a basket .
a man working on a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is raising his arms .
a girl is playing on the beach .
a baby in a blue shirt smiles .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a band performs on stage .
people playing soccer .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two boys are riding their bikes on a hillside .
a man jumps over a dirt ramp .
a mountain biker flies through the air .
two hockey players playing hockey .
a child is playing next to a tree .
two men in a martial arts match .
two hockey players are competing in a hockey game .
two hockey players playing ice hockey .
two hockey players try to start the puck .
a man selling flowers .
a smiling man in a pink striped shirt sits behind a flower stand .
a man is selling flowers .
a man in a blue shirt selling flowers .
a man selling flowers .
a group of teenagers are learning how to do crafts .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar and drinking beer .
a group of people in a lab .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a child playing a video game .
a child in front of a tree .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting near a lawn chair .
a man walking in the rain .
a man and a woman are skateboarding .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child is holding a broom .
three people walking down a city street .
a lady in a yellow dress is walking down the street .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two football players playing football .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are walking in front of a building .
a group of people are standing in line .
people are walking down a city street .
a crowd is performing in an asian country .
people walking along a busy street .
a black woman in a black shirt is holding up a yellow sign while standing next to a man in black .
a window painting a window .
a group of people are walking through the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a brown and white dog is walking through the grass .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people looking at something .
a black and white dog is holding a tennis ball .
two dogs are jumping in the air .
four people in a field .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog runs on a fence .
a man and a child at a basketball court .
a baby is playing with a necklace .
a blond girl in a blue bathing suit is climbing up the water .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a bar .
a woman is sitting at a bar .
a bartender making a drink .
a man looking at something .
young children are playing together .
a group of people on a boat .
a group of people carrying a flag .
a man working with a glass .
a group of people are standing around a flag .
a group of people are gathered around an american flag .
a group of people are gathered around an american flag .
an african american flag in the air .
a group of people are walking in the middle of a crowd .
a group of people are holding an american flag .
a crowd of people standing in a crowd .
four people are holding an american flag .
four people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people are standing in front of an american flag .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a group of young people eating a meal outdoors .
people are gathered around an american flag .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a fireplace .
a worker is sweeping a sidewalk .
a person is sweeping the street .
a woman sitting on a woman 's shoulders .
a woman in a white dress is sitting in a stroller .
an asian woman sits by a white cloth .
an asian woman in a white dress is sitting on a bench .
an asian woman wearing a blue dress is standing in front of an audience .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a white door .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman with brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a woman is sitting with a basket full of cloth .
a young boy is taking a break in the sun .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a surfer is on the beach .
a young child in a wetsuit is surfing on a beach .
a little boy is playing on the beach .
a small child is playing in the water .
a woman selling fabric .
an asian woman selling corn .
a woman is selling items .
a woman is selling food .
a woman with brown hair is holding a piece of cloth .
a boy is swimming in the water .
a skateboarder is jumping in the air .
a group of people looking at an event .
people waiting by a fence .
a crowd of people waiting to cross the street .
a group of people standing in line .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a man is laughing and laughing .
a man using a computer computer .
a man and a woman kissing in a pool .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a group of people playing on a beach .
a group of people on a beach .
a couple sitting next to each other .
a man and a woman sit on the beach .
a woman is buying money from a display .
people are walking in a coffee shop .
people standing in line .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are standing around in a crowded cafe .
a cafe in a cafe .
a group of people in a cafe .
people are standing in a cafe .
two people are riding in a cart .
a person on a bridge .
a man in a green shirt is jumping in a laundry room .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a football player in a red and white uniform is playing tennis .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
a man wearing black pants and a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is jumping in a laundry room .
a middle aged man in a black shirt is jumping over a wall .
a woman is looking at another woman .
a woman is sitting at a desk talking on a cellphone .
a woman and a woman are sitting in front of a room .
a professor giving a lecture .
a teacher teaching a class .
a group of students are listening to music .
a group of people in a classroom .
a black and white dog is posing for a picture .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a group of people are standing in front of a white building .
cars are parked in the road .
a car passes by a bus .
a red bus passes by a car .
the cars are on the road .
a red car drives down the street .
a skier skiing downhill .
a skier going down a slope .
a skier skiing down a snowy hill .
a skier skiing down a snowy mountain .
a skier is skiing downhill .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning the floor .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is cleaning the floor .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is sitting in a chair with his fingers .
a large box of plants .
a group of plants parked in the grass .
there are plants in the background .
a bunch of plants and plants in the background .
a box of plants and plants .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are in front of a white sign .
a man in a white shirt points to the camera .
a sign with lots of people in the background .
a group of people are getting ready to go .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is carrying a stick .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a cigarette .
a bald man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a bird lands on an empty window .
a bird is looking at a window .
the window is window .
a bird is in the water .
the window of the window is painted .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a snowboarder jumps in the air .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a person jumps into the air .
a snowboarder doing a trick on a snowboard .
a group of men working on scaffolding .
two construction workers are watching something .
a man in a black shirt is standing on top of a man in a black hard hat .
two men are riding a race car .
a woman in a purple shirt is working .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man walking in the rain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in front of a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing next to a statue .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are standing in front of a ledge .
children looking through a telescope in the forest .
a group of firefighters drive down a road .
firefighters at an accident in an accident .
a man in a white shirt is riding a motorcycle .
the medical crew work on the ground .
firefighters looking at the camera .
children looking through a telescope .
three children in winter clothes are looking through a telescope .
two children are playing with a telescope .
a man in a coat is talking to a girl with brown hair .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a bottle of water .
a person with long hair wearing a blue shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a person wearing a blue tank top and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of women in a competition .
a group of women are dancing on the beach .
a car drives down the road .
a man is fixing a shoe .
a woman with brown hair and a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of firefighters standing in front of firetruck .
a dog is on the ground .
three men are at an event .
two guys drinking beer .
a group of people in a building .
a man in a leather jacket is smoking a cigarette .
two friends talking to each other .
a woman is holding a rope .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a person in a blue uniform is holding onto a pole while holding onto a pole .
a child playing on a slide .
a child sliding down a slide .
a child slides down a green tube .
a child slides down a slide .
a child slides down a slide .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass .
the brown dog is standing on the grass .
a white dog plays in the snow .
a white dog runs through the leaves .
a white dog is standing on leaves .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog is running through snow .
a white dog walks on the leaves .
a group of women walking down the street .
a toddler is drinking a drink .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench .
a parade in a parade .
a group of men in military uniforms .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
soldiers carry flags and marching .
a child playing with rocks .
a man is riding a horse in front of a crowd .
a man and a girl are walking down the street .
two people are riding horses in front of a fire .
a man and a girl are watching a fire .
a man and a woman are riding horses .
a man and a woman are eating a meal .
a man in a white shirt digs a tree .
two men are working on a roof .
a boy is playing with rocks .
a group of men are looking at the ground .
two men working at work .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man in a white shirt is waiting for the bus to stop the bus .
a man is standing next to a truck .
a man is sitting on a bus stop .
a man sitting on a bus stop .
a man is waiting at a bus stop .
a man in a black shirt is performing a job .
a black and white dog jumping over a fence .
a construction worker working on top of a building .
a man wearing a hat is working on a house .
a guy laying on a roof on a roof .
a little boy is playing in the snow .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a man playing frisbee with a dog in the background .
a woman is applying makeup .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of children are walking down a path .
a man in a vest and black pants is singing on stage .
a woman is applying makeup to another woman .
a woman applies makeup to another woman .
two women painting outside of a building .
an artist is painting a picture .
a child in a red shirt is standing with her arms up .
a dog runs through the grass .
a group of men are playing in a field .
a man in a white shirt is walking in a field .
a large group of people are standing in the water .
a guy with a brown dog and a black dog with a stick in his mouth .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a suit is crossing the street .
a person walking with two dogs .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down a hallway .
a bike rider jumping over a hurdle .
three people in front of a store .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is holding a small child .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a girl is carrying a blue bucket .
a group of children sitting in a room .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is about to throw a golf club .
a person is holding a stick in his left hand .
a man with a stick in his mouth .
a child is playing in the city .
a child is playing in the snow .
a young person in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a child is playing in the garden .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a man in red shorts and a red shirt is standing on the beach .
a boy is standing in front of a cave .
a young boy is hanging in a harness in a harness .
a little girl in a pink dress is holding an object .
a child is playing on the side of the road .
two people are walking down the street .
people at a bar .
a group of runners are cheering .
a man singing into a microphone .
a musician playing a guitar at a concert .
a man in a costume plays an instrument in front of a sign .
a man is speaking into a microphone at a concert .
a man is looking at something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a gray shirt has his arm over another man in a gray shirt .
a group of men working on a train .
a man looking down over a wall .
a group of people standing around a table .
a young boy is riding a wagon .
people looking at the water .
a woman in a black dress is pushing a toy car .
a group of musicians perform on stage .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in a chair pointing into the distance .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting in front of a microphone .
a man is sitting in front of a row of bottles .
two men are sitting in a room .
a man is pointing at something .
a man points at dinner .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young woman running in a race .
a young woman is walking down the street .
a young woman with a ponytail is running down a street .
a woman wearing a red shirt and black pants is running down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is running a bull .
a marathon runner running a race .
a woman in a red shirt is jogging down the street .
a woman in a hoodie is bowling .
a young girl throwing a ball in a field .
a man breakdancing in the middle of the floor .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a red shirt is performing a stunt .
a man cleaning a boat .
a young man breakdancing in front of a crowd .
a man does a handstand on a trampoline .
a driver is looking at a cat .
a man in a blue shirt is working on his laptop .
a lady in a white uniform is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting in the street looking at a cat .
a man in a safety vest holding a bird .
a man is holding a white dog .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a man holding a bird .
a little boy climbing a small hill .
a man is working on a bike .
many people are standing in a shopping area .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman standing next to a bride and groom .
a group of people in a shopping mall .
a group of people are walking around a building .
two babies in a bathtub .
two women are playing music .
two women standing outside of a building .
two women playing instruments in the street .
two women playing music on a street .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing the violin while another woman plays the violin .
two female musicians are playing their instruments .
two women playing musical instruments .
a woman is playing a violin .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a band plays on the street .
a woman is watching a street performer .
a woman with a blue guitar plays a violin with a violin .
a group of people playing instruments outside .
a girl is playing violin on the street .
a girl is playing the violin .
two girls are standing on the street while one plays the guitar and the other is playing the guitar .
a man is playing an instrument .
a man sitting on the sidewalk on the sidewalk .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of people at a carnival .
a couple enjoying a game .
a young woman and a young woman sit at a carnival at a carnival .
two young men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are celebrating a carnival game .
two men looking at each other .
a group of people having a conversation outside .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
men having a conversation .
a man in glasses is cooking food .
a man grilling meat in a backyard .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man grilling meat .
a woman in a white shirt is making bunny ears .
two people are standing in a field posing for a picture .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of bikers in a race .
two women are standing by signs .
two women standing by a sign .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
two women standing in a hallway .
two women sitting in a hallway .
a woman in jeans and a white shirt walks past a woman in a white shirt .
a child is hitting a ball in a field .
a woman in white stands outside a cafe .
a group of people are watching a boy play checkers .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a man is holding a bowl .
a child is jumping on a porch .
a man sitting at a table eating a meal .
a girl is playing the violin .
a boy and a girl are laying down on a couch .
a man holding an object in his hand .
a woman walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a black dress is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a black dress is walking in a parade .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is reading a newspaper .
a father is fixing a child 's toy .
an old man in a black tank top is reaching his head .
a man and a girl are sitting next to each other .
a man and a girl sitting at a table .
a man plays with a little girl .
a small girl is having a good time .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
two children are standing near a tree .
a group of runners in a race .
a man wearing glasses and a hard hat is drilling a house .
two women are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is playing a card game .
a man in a blue shirt is drilling into the air .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a teenager is performing a trick on a skateboard .
a group of people in a race .
a rock climber climbing a mountain .
a skier flies through the air .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a mountain biker in the distance .
a group of people in a yard .
construction workers working on a project .
a man and a dog in the snow .
two people walk down the street .
a hiker with his dog in the snow .
a group of people are running .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man in a baseball uniform stands on a baseball field .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a man is playing cricket .
a boy is holding a stick .
a man is about to swing a bat .
a baseball player in a red shirt is hitting a baseball .
a dog runs through the grass .
a white and tan dog jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a brown and white dog runs through a field of grass .
a dog running with a bird in its mouth .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are working on a project .
two men working on a telescope .
two men working on an orange telescope .
a man in a white shirt holding a trumpet .
an older woman is reading a book on a stage .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing his guitar outside .
a street musician performs on a sidewalk .
a street performer standing on the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping up in the air .
a man and a woman are standing in a kitchen .
two young boys in a kitchen .
a blond girl sitting at a desk at a desk .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in front of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a blond woman is sitting at a table in front of a large white building .
a woman is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a lady is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a blond woman is sitting on a couch in a room .
a woman is working on a project .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is carrying a sheep .
a man walks his dog down the street .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a statue .
a man is walking with his dog .
two girls , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a white purse .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a trailer .
a group of people are taking pictures of the camera .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a man poses for a picture at a restaurant .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man sitting at a restaurant table at a restaurant .
two men having a conversation .
a woman is holding her hand up to the left .
a couple in front of a fish stand .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are playing in the water .
a man is dancing in front of a blue fish .
a man and a woman are playing with a blue door .
two people are playing in the water .
three people are standing on fire .
two older women are preparing food .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man on a horse jumping over a hurdle .
two women cooking in a kitchen .
a group of people walking in formation .
a man in a military uniform is marching in front of a crowd .
a group of people walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
cheerleaders are performing a routine .
three cheerleaders are performing in the air .
a group of cheerleaders doing a jump in the air .
a group of cheerleaders are performing on stage .
two girls are cheering .
a race in a race .
people running on a track .
runners running on a track .
men running on a track .
young boys are playing bowling .
a group of people in a building .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a brown couch .
a man sitting on a couch .
a man sitting on a couch in front of a mirror .
two boys are bowling .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a girl is sitting on a park bench .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a woman is standing on top of a metal structure .
a young girl smiles at the camera .
a young girl swinging on a swing .
two men are walking on the road .
a black and white dog is playing in the water .
a group of people looking at the camera .
two children are bowling at a bowling alley .
a man and a little girl pose for a picture .
a little girl is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl is standing next to a large crowd .
a young girl wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall .
two girls pose for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a yellow outfit is sitting on a bench .
a dancer poses for a picture .
a lady in a costume is standing in a crowd .
an old person is walking down the street .
five men are standing in the street .
a man is putting a bed on his bed .
a man in a blue shirt is kneeling on a bed in front of a man .
a man is sleeping on a bed .
a man is making a bed .
a person is pushing a stroller .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on bleachers .
a woman sitting on a wooden structure .
people running in a city .
two women walking down the street .
a group of women sitting at a table .
two men in the middle of a city street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a car .
a man in a suit is standing next to a car .
a man in a suit holding a cellphone is standing next to parked cars .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
two men talking to each other .
three young people are having a conversation .
a young girl is reading a book .
a man is driving a motorcycle .
a girl is looking at a newspaper .
a man is looking at something .
three friends having a conversation .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a chair .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a woman is trying to lift a bar .
two people sitting at a table drinking beer .
a brick building with a building in the background .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
people sitting at a table drinking beer .
a group of people sitting in a building .
a group of people at a cafe .
two people are sitting on a bench outside a cafe .
a cafe in a cafe .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting at a table .
two women are sitting at a table with a laptop .
three people are standing next to each other .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a woman wearing glasses is sitting at a table with a laptop .
a man with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a woman is doing a handstand on a bench .
a group of people are looking at a computer screen .
three people are sitting at a table with food on it .
three people sit at a table with a laptop .
a group of people are standing in the water .
three people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two men are eating a meal .
a man reading a book .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is jumping to take a picture of a mountain .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a little girl and a boy are standing outside .
a child is sitting on rocks .
two people are playing a game of basketball .
a dog looks at a ball .
firefighter putting out a fire .
a football player in a blue uniform is playing football .
a football player jumps for the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to catch a soccer goal .
a football player is attempting to kick the ball .
a child is standing next to a body of water .
a man in a white shirt is using a piece of wood .
a man hammering a nail .
a child feeding the ducks .
a construction worker hammering a nail .
a man is drinking beer .
a party party at a party .
six women are standing in a circle .
a man in a white shirt is playing a video game .
a man working on a computer .
a student is working on a laptop .
a man is typing on a laptop computer .
a young man is jumping on a trampoline .
a man is jumping on a trampoline .
a man is jumping on a trampoline on a trampoline .
a man doing a flip on a trampoline .
a cyclist is holding a mountain bike .
a man is sitting at a booth selling football .
a black and white dog is carrying a beach .
a person is sitting on a boat .
a young girl smiles at a man .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young girl is sitting on the ground with her father .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man looks at a girl at a park .
a man cutting a cake .
a man looking through a telescope at sunset .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
two men are cutting food .
a man looking at something .
a boy in a hat is standing in front of a building .
a boy is looking at a telescope .
a man standing near a car .
a man standing next to a vehicle .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a
a black man in a black shirt stands by his bike .
a man in a red jacket holds onto a little boy in a red jacket .
an adult and child are practicing martial arts .
two men in the ocean .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a young man is getting her picture taken by another man .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a young boy .
a young boy in a blue shirt is praying .
a young boy is getting his haircut .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is preparing a recipe .
a group of children wait for a picture .
a man is preparing a meal .
a group of people are gathered in a crowded area .
a man in a blue shirt is eating from a sign .
a man is eating food .
a young asian man dressed in a white shirt and blue pants is standing in front of a hut .
a group of people are watching a concert .
a woman is standing at a party .
a group of people walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people hiking through the woods .
hikers walk on a trail .
two bikers racing on a track .
a group of bicyclists ride around a curve .
a group of people talking to each other .
four young men are walking down the sidewalk .
two workers work on a train .
a group of people are preparing food .
young children serve food .
a group of people are serving food .
two people are eating food .
a plate of food on a plate .
two children are serving food .
a man and a woman at a dinner table .
two men are sitting on a park bench .
a group of young people are walking down the street .
two people serving food .
a man and a woman are giving a meal .
a group of people are working together .
a man is serving food .
two men are walking down the street .
a man sleeps on a bench while another man sleeps .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man sleeps on a bench while another man sleeps on a bench .
a man conducting an orchestra .
people jumping into the air .
a man in glasses and a hat is grilling meat .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game of chess .
a man in a blue shirt is praying .
a conductor stands in front of a band .
a man is holding a young boy .
a man and a little girl are playing in the grass .
a father helps his daughter .
a man holding a baby in the grass .
a female runner is running a marathon .
a toddler is jumping off of the ground .
a cowboy holding a horse .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is leaning on top of some equipment .
a man with a cigarette on his hips is leaning against some equipment .
girls jumping in the air .
a young boy is running in a race .
a group of people enjoying a sunny day on a lake .
two young boys are riding a bike .
a man and woman talk to each other .
a man in a costume talks to a girl .
a man talking to a woman .
an older man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an older man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a costume is standing in front of a microphone .
an older man smoking a cigarette on a busy street .
a baby is sleeping .
a baby is holding a baby in her hands .
two women are having a conversation .
two women hugging each other .
two women are hugging each other .
a woman in a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a group of people are hugging each other .
two people are standing in front of a city .
a group of people playing soccer on a sunny day .
three people are playing jena .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are playing jena .
three people are playing a game .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white t shirt are playing a board game .
children are pulling on a rope .
a man and a woman wearing hats .
a man is watching a little girl .
a man in black is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is shopping .
a man looking at flowers .
a man buying a flower from a cart .
a cashier looks at flowers .
a black and white dog is standing in the grass .
a black and white dog lies on the grass .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two dogs are standing next to a building .
a brown and white dog is running through the bushes .
three people are sitting in a room .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a small child .
a baby is taking a picture .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is putting on a shoe .
a man in a blue shirt holding a small child .
a woman is using her shoe to her shoe .
a group of teenagers jumping in a soccer field .
soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer players playing soccer .
two soccer players jump into the air .
soccer players in green uniforms are playing soccer .
a child is climbing on a rock .
a young person climbing a rock .
a person in a blue shirt climbing a rock .
two children eating food .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
two men in hard hats are working on a roof .
three men are working on a roof .
three men are working in a field .
a group of men working in a field .
two men are working on a roof .
a group of men are working on the side of the road .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a woman is sitting in a chair .
people eating food .
a group of people at a restaurant .
two men in a city street .
two women performing on stage .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a group of girls in white shirts are putting on a large piece of air .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man standing at a construction site .
three people are standing in a doorway .
a woman is selling items from a market .
a lady in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is selling flowers .
a woman with dark hair and dark hair is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is selling money .
a lady is selling flowers for sale .
a dark haired woman selling flowers in a city .
a boy in a blue shirt is climbing in the water .
a vendor selling food .
a man in a suit and a man in a suit are sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog runs through the grass .
a football player in a blue uniform is being towed by a football player .
a man in a white shirt is waiting in a surgery .
an old man is standing behind a donkey .
a group of people are swimming in the snow .
a young lady in a purple shirt is twirling her leg in the forest .
a man shaving his beard .
three women are walking on the beach .
a person in a bathing suit stands at night .
a group of people are walking down the street .
four people are walking down the street .
three people are walking in the snow near a small building .
four people are walking down the street .
a person in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man stands in the snow .
four men in shorts standing in the snow .
a man is standing in front of a group of people .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a couple dancing in a competition .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle .
a man and a woman are dancing on a stage with a man in the background .
people riding bikes on the street .
people riding bikes on a dirt road .
a man in a blue shirt is hugging his wife .
a couple looking at each other .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
two women are playing soccer .
a man poses for a picture .
a person is riding a bike .
two women are walking down a street .
a woman with a camera is holding a camera .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is hanging out of a pool .
a group of police officers at night .
a skateboarder in the air .
a person doing tricks on a snowboard .
a snowboarder in the air .
a person on a rooftop on a rooftop .
a snowboarder in the air .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting in a dentist .
a small child is playing with a toy .
a child in a blue shirt is brushing his teeth .
a child sits at a dentist .
a young child in a blue shirt is cutting something from a dentist .
a child in a blue shirt is blowing bubbles .
a little girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is praying .
a young boy in a blue shirt is holding his hand on his head .
a man in a blue shirt and a boy in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a child is working on a project .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a couch .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is at a dentist .
a small child is making a funny face .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a dog .
a band plays music .
two men are performing on stage .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
two men and a young girl are on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a band is performing on stage in front of a crowd .
a group of people playing instruments .
a band performs on stage in front of a large red heart .
children eating food .
a band performs on stage .
a man is walking by a wall .
a man walks by a wall .
a child is sledding down a hill .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl is riding a sled on a sled .
a child riding a sled on a sled .
a man is walking down the street .
a girl slides down a slide .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man is walking through a muddy field .
children running on a field .
six children playing in a field .
two children playing a game on a field .
children running on a field .
children playing rugby on a field .
a group of people playing lacrosse .
two teams are running with sticks .
a person working in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is planting a plant .
a man in a blue shirt is running through a puddle .
a group of people in a field .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is picking seeds .
a swimmer in a swimming pool .
a child in a blue shirt is trying to check out a cart of food .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a tray of bread .
a boy in a grocery store is looking at a grocery store .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his arms .
a group of young boys are helping a cart .
a woman getting ready to swim .
a man in a blue shirt is using a microphone .
a swimmer swims in the pool .
a swimmer is standing by a pool .
a man in a white shirt and black cap holding a bottle of water .
a painter is painting a picture .
a man is pulling a boat on a boat .
a person in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
two men sitting on a bench outside a building .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a child is playing a game of monopoly .
two women are walking down the road .
a little brown dog plays with a toy toy .
a little brown dog chews on a rug .
a small dog is playing in the grass .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a small dog plays with a disc .
a group of people are listening to music .
a brown dog is playing with a disc .
a little dog and a man play tug of war .
a dog is attempting to catch a frisbee .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a man is looking at another man .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two men in white shirts are standing in front of an audience .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two guys having a conversation .
a woman in a costume is riding a bike .
this is a picture of an art gallery .
a woman is pouring a drink .
a girl splashing in water .
a girl pouring something into a cup .
a woman in a white shirt is drinking from the water .
a man is pouring a drink .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is taking a picture .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a kitchen is preparing food .
a group of chefs working in a restaurant .
a man is cooking meat on a tray .
three women are having a conversation .
a man and two children put groceries on a conveyor mat .
a man and two children are shopping .
three people are sitting in a room .
a man in a blue shirt is making groceries .
a group of people are preparing food .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
people waiting for a train .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a boy rides a skateboard on a ramp .
a woman and two children in a crowded train station .
two ladies walk down the street .
a little boy in a red shirt is standing in front of a blue car .
a group of people are walking through a store .
two men standing in front of a chinese store , one of them is taking a photo .
two middle eastern men hanging out of a building .
many people walking down a street .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a man is talking on a cellphone while another man sits next to him .
a black and white dog carries a stick in its mouth .
two guys are sitting at a bar .
a black and white dog is sitting in the grass .
a man smiles at a baby .
a man holding a baby .
a man in a pink shirt is holding a little boy .
a white dog runs through snow .
a street performer is playing on a street .
a black and white dog is about to catch a frisbee .
a skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
a boy playing soccer .
construction crew standing by a deli .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a choir is setting up equipment .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the ground .
a man is sitting on a ladder .
two men are watching two children are watching two children .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a small child in a blue shirt is holding a small child .
a man is riding a horse in a field .
a man in a cowboy hat is holding a cowboy hat .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a cowboy riding a bucking horse .
a person is sitting on a horse .
people walking down a city street .
a man is trying to take a picture of a photograph .
a person sleeping on a bench .
a man lies on a ledge on a ledge .
a man is laying down on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is carrying a man 's shoulders .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
a child is playing in the snow .
a little girl and a boy are playing in the sand .
two women crossing a busy street .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
two people are standing on rocks .
two children are walking down a snowy hill .
two children are playing in the snow .
a young asian toddler is carrying a sack .
an asian girl in an orange dress is standing in a field .
a black toddler is carrying a cloth .
a young girl wearing sandals is holding an umbrella .
a black man playing a saxophone in a park .
an asian girl is playing with a hula hoop .
two men are walking down the street .
a bride and groom are walking .
a bride and groom are walking down the street .
a man snowboarding down the roof of the roof of a building .
two men are taking a break from the snow .
two men are working on a project .
a man is shoveling snow .
a man is working on a roof .
two men cleaning the roof of a roof .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt and black pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a person in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a group of people performing on a unicycle .
a boy looking at the camera .
a boy in a red shirt stands against a brick wall .
a man in a white shirt is standing at an event .
a boy is standing outside of a building .
a man with a towel on his head .
a group of people are cheering in a stadium .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
a man sleeping with his hands above his head .
a woman is cooking on a grill .
two children are sitting by a lake .
a man climbing on ice .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a man buying food .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
the biker is in the air .
a man in a black shirt is holding a bicycle over his head .
a ballerina in a pink shirt is standing in front of a mirror .
a man is holding a bike over a crowd .
a bicyclist holding up his bike .
a woman with a cart is cleaning her cart .
five men practicing soccer .
a ballerina performing a dance .
soccer players trying to block the goal .
kids playing soccer .
a group of teenagers are watching a soccer game .
a young boy kicking a ball into the goal .
a man in a red and white uniform is walking down a street .
a man with a helmet is riding a bike .
a football player in a red uniform is running .
a football player in a red jersey is attempting to throw the ball .
two young girls running in a field .
a woman is playing tennis .
four men are sitting on a blue rug .
a woman is playing tennis .
four men pose for the camera .
a couple relaxing on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is shaving a shave .
a car race on a dirt track .
a man is getting his haircut by a barber .
a baby is making a funny face .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning the floor .
a baby sitting in a highchair waiting for food .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a baby .
a man and woman are sitting on a bus .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
three people are looking down at green grass .
a woman in a white shirt is playing a musical instrument .
a bike rider is sitting on the ground .
a group of people looking over a snowy hill .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
a group of hikers are hiking in the woods .
a group of people are relaxing on a snowy hill .
a man looking at something .
a woman in a skirt is standing in a parking lot .
two men are standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two children eating their ice cream cone .
a woman is holding a shovel while sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is holding the binoculars .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a building .
a firefighter is putting on a car .
a woman in a black shirt is performing a dance .
a woman is giving a performance .
a man in a blue shirt is operating a piece of paper .
a man is performing repairs on a truck .
a man working on a truck .
a man in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
a man working on a vehicle .
a man competing in a karate match .
a group of people in a line .
a group of people at an event .
a crowd of people in a parade .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people in a parade .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of people standing behind a float .
a group of people in a parade .
a group of people gather around a float .
a group of people are standing next to a float .
a large group of people are celebrating at a festival .
a group of people in a town square .
a group of asian people at an event .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are standing on a road near a lake .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two people sit on the side of the road .
a girl is walking down a road .
a man is riding a bike on a dirt road .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt walks down a road .
an old man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a pedestrian walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a man is working on a project .
two men playing music in a park .
five people are walking down the street .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
two men playing a banjo and saxophone .
two men playing musical instruments .
a girl and boy play tennis .
a group of people in a bicycle race .
a group of martial arts students are practicing martial arts .
a group of people at a ceremony .
a busy city street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two men are in a ceremony .
two people standing next to each other .
a woman and a child smile .
a woman hugging a young girl .
a room full of people in a room .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a street scene of buildings .
a man is riding a bike .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is getting her nail done at a salon .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman selling vegetables .
a man with a blue jacket and carrying a blue jacket is standing in front of a red van .
a small child is looking up .
a ship on a dock .
two men in hard hats are pointing at a cruise ship .
two men are walking down the street .
men looking at a ship .
two construction workers looking at a ship in front of a ship .
a group of people on a dock .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a woman in a white gown is walking with a woman in a white gown .
a woman is walking down a city beach .
a group of people at the beach .
a child is kneeling on the floor .
a person standing by a car .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
a man in a white shirt is working on the water .
a puppy playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is playing in the grass .
a man in a karate match is boxing .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a baby posing for a picture .
two boys under a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is using a saw .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two people are standing near a tree .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is laughing .
a woman selling fruit .
a man is sitting on a chair .
a woman is selling items in a race .
a person standing next to a wall .
two women are walking across the street on motorcycles .
a group of people at an event .
people playing instruments in front of a crowd .
a young man rock climbing .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a young man rock climbing .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man is climbing a wall .
a man climbing a rock .
a person crossing a road .
a boy is walking across the street .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young man is crossing the street with his mouth open .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing in front of a crowd .
two women are walking by two men .
a person in a blue shirt is cutting a piece of paper .
a man is picking up food from a rock .
a man is preparing food .
a man in a red and white striped shirt is standing in front of a waterfall .
two hockey players are competing in a hockey game .
a man waving as he is waving .
a group of people sitting around a laptop .
a man in a white shirt is working on his job .
a woman taking a picture .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a young lady is taking a picture .
a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on the beach .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a blue swimsuit is jumping in the air in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is playing the beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a bikini swimming in the ocean .
a man is using a sand net .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man digging a sand castle .
a black and white dog with its mouth open .
a dog is playing in the snow .
two dogs are standing in a snowy field .
a dog is catching a toy in the snow .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man holding a baby in the yard .
a dog plays in the snow .
a man is sitting on a lawn chair with a baby in his lap .
two men competing in a race .
two people are competing in a race .
a man and a woman are running .
two men are running down the street .
two men competing in a race .
a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar .
protesters holding signs .
a woman is riding a motorcycle .
a man and a child sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a target .
a security guard looks at a building .
a police officer standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a security guard standing in front of a wall .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of people at a concert .
a man with his arms in his arms .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a man raising his arms in a crowd .
a man is holding his hands up .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a little boy is playing at the beach .
a child on a beach .
a young child is showing off his bowling ball .
a man is posing for the camera .
a child doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a child doing a handstand on the beach .
a child is playing at the beach .
a child is standing on a swing .
a child is doing a handstand on a beach .
a child does a handstand on a beach .
a child is playing at the beach .
a snowboarder in the air .
a student in a blue shirt is helping another student in a classroom .
people in a martial arts class .
a man in a classroom is sitting in a classroom with two martial arts students .
a group of students are practicing martial arts .
a martial arts demonstration in a martial arts demonstration .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a young student in a white shirt is helping another student .
a student practicing a kick kick .
a group of people are competing in a soccer match .
a man in a martial arts uniform is practicing martial arts .
a man is practicing karate .
a man in a blue shirt teaching a class .
a man is performing a martial arts move .
a man in a white shirt is practicing martial arts .
a man in a white shirt is practicing martial arts .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around in a room .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a raft .
a man working on a boat .
a man is sitting on a boat in front of a boat .
a man working on a boat .
a man is working on a wooden boat .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a sculpture .
a man is standing by a river .
a man in a black shirt is sewing on a sewing machine .
two people are sitting and playing the guitar .
two men are playing guitars .
two men playing instruments .
two guys playing a guitar .
a boy is playing a card game .
two people are playing cards at a table .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a card .
three men , one in a green shirt and one in a green shirt , are sitting in a room with a child in the background .
a blond girl with blond hair is sitting on a couch .
two girls on a trampoline .
two females are walking down the street .
a boy is playing a card game .
a black and white dog is jumping in midair .
a small child is sitting at a park in a park .
a dog jumps over an object .
a dog is jumping over a fence .
the dog is running through the grass .
a dog is jumping in the air .
two friends playing in the sand .
a young boy is watching a boy do tricks on a skateboard .
a group of people are rollerskating .
people at a skate park .
a group of people are skateboarding .
a man is playing with a ball .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a dog licking its nose in the grass .
a girl swinging on a swing .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a young boy stands near water .
cheerleaders competing in a race .
a young child is playing in the water .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two girls competing in martial arts .
a group of girls are racing in front of a crowd .
a dog runs through the field .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman walking in front of palm trees .
a woman is reading a book .
a man is walking down the street .
a young woman reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a woman is standing in a store .
a motorcyclist is performing a trick in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a pole .
a photographer poses for the camera .
a man is standing in a field .
a man is posing for a picture .
a pole in a grassy field .
a man in a blue shirt is watching the sun .
a man is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is walking down the street .
a hiker walks away from sheep .
a man is playing a guitar .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is cooking food .
a group of people are preparing for an event .
a man in a white t shirt is grilling meat on a grill .
a man preparing a fish .
a man prepares food in a kitchen .
a man is playing an instrument .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing an acoustic guitar .
a man in a red coat playing an electric guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a photographer takes pictures of a group of children .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
two girls are playing in the sand .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in the street .
a little boy is walking past a fountain .
a group of musicians playing music .
a band is performing on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is kneeling on the floor .
two men are getting ready to play .
a group of people practicing musical instruments .
two children are climbing a plane .
a man in a yellow shirt rides a unicycle .
a person walking down the street .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a girl and a boy walk up the steps .
a boy and a girl are at a museum .
two children are climbing up stairs in a museum .
a group of young children are looking at an airplane .
a girl and a boy look at an exhibit .
two children are climbing an airplane .
two children are climbing up steps .
two children climbing up a flight of stairs .
an airplane is parked .
two children are walking up some steps .
two children are watching an airplane .
two children are climbing an airplane .
a group of children climbing stairs .
two children are climbing a plane .
two children are climbing a plane .
a soccer player in a green jersey is holding a basketball .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a young girl sits on a park bench .
a girl is sitting on the grass .
a little girl is playing with a toy .
a person working on a fire machine .
a person welding a large pipe .
a man is doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man working with a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a worker in a hard hat is looking at a machine .
a worker is looking at a machine .
a man is holding a torch .
a man is working on a project .
a person with a mask is holding a mask .
a worker welding a pipe .
a man in a white shirt is working on a pipe .
a young lady with a purse sits with a drink .
two women digging in the sand .
a snowboarder in the air .
a dog jumps after a frisbee .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a dog in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is digging a sand castle .
two men are standing in the water .
two men are playing in shallow water .
two men are walking down the street .
two men building a sand castle .
two men are playing sand on the beach .
two men are digging sand on the beach .
two men are standing on the beach at the beach .
two men are digging out of sand .
two men are working on a sand castle .
two men are playing sand in the sand .
a group of men are digging in the sand on the beach .
two men are playing sand in the sand .
a group of men at the beach .
three men are hanging out on the beach .
a man digging a sand castle .
a man is digging a sand castle .
a man is making a photo of a sand castle .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is walking in the sand .
four men are playing with sand on the beach .
a group of people are playing in the sand .
three men in white shirts work on a sand castle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are working on a sand castle .
a snowboarder wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is riding a snowboard .
two children are swimming in a pool .
two people are going down a long blue slide .
a group of people are sliding down a slide .
a group of people in a swimming pool .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two women are crossing a busy street .
a man is operating a piece of equipment .
a group of people looking at a screen .
a man in a hard hat digs construction .
two women walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
two women , one in blue and the other in blue and the other in blue , are riding in a race .
two women are crossing the street .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people in a room .
a group of people sitting in a room .
young adults relax on a sofa .
a black and white dog with a toy in its mouth .
a baseball player tries to hit the ball .
a baseball player takes a shot from the base .
a baseball player in a white jersey is playing baseball .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to hit a baseball .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a group of young boys and two girls are laughing .
a dog lays next to a toy .
a woman with a purse sitting on a bench .
two children are climbing up a rock .
children playing on a playground .
the brown dog is laying on the grass .
a group of children are playing in a fountain .
a boy in a blue shirt is riding a tractor .
a boy poses for a picture .
a young boy is riding a tractor in a tractor .
a boy poses for a picture .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a large pile of snow .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
a man in a white shirt is dancing .
a child is sitting in a car .
children getting ready for a soccer match .
a man in a black shirt and white skirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young boy in a white t shirt and blue jeans is playing a game of cricket .
a child dressed up in a costume .
a group of people are standing in front of an audience .
a child dressed up in a costume .
a child playing chess with an older man .
a man playing a drum .
a young boy is playing chess .
an old man playing chess with a young boy .
two people are playing chess .
two people are competing in a basketball game .
two people are playing a video game .
an older man playing the drums .
two people playing the drums .
a man and a boy are playing chess .
a woman is about to serve a bottle of wine .
a woman drinking a beer .
a woman is holding a bottle .
a woman is celebrating at a gathering .
a group of people buying produce .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bull .
a man is fishing near a body of water .
a bull rider rides a bull in front of a crowd .
a man is about to throw a baseball .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing on a beach in the ocean .
a man is standing on the shore of a beach .
children eating food .
a young girl wearing a white and white dress is standing in front of a young girl .
a woman sitting on a bench .
two men are playing soccer .
two women walking down the street .
a young boy working on a project .
a group of people are walking down a trail .
a man selling goods on the street .
a woman is selling items from a clothesline .
a woman in a black shirt is selling corn .
a woman selling her wares .
a woman selling goods on the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
a child on a merry go swing .
a bald man is skateboarding .
people walking down a path .
a bicycle with a basket in the background .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling on his sled .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a sled .
a man is riding a sled down a snowy hill .
a man in a blue coat walks down the street .
workers are cleaning up the windows of a building .
a black and white dog and a black dog in the snow .
two children are sitting in a public area .
a boy in green overalls and a green shirt is standing in a field .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a man taking a picture of a group of people .
a boy in overalls smiles as he smiles .
a toddler is smiling .
a man in front of a building .
a man and a woman are sitting in a building .
a woman and a man pose for a picture .
a woman is walking down the street .
a couple getting married .
a group of young girls are playing volleyball on the beach .
a group of young girls playing volleyball .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a man 's hand .
two men wrestling in a wrestling match .
two men wrestling in a wrestling match .
a dog is playing in the water .
a group of girls in white shirts and white shorts are playing volleyball .
a group of young people competing in a race .
a dog fetching a stick .
a woman is standing on a sidewalk in front of a store .
a man looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt is plowing a field .
young people playing soccer on a field .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
two swans swimming in the water .
two swans in the water .
two swans swimming in the water .
two birds swimming in water .
two swans in the water .
two swans swimming in the water .
two swans in the water .
a man and a woman swimming in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a hockey player in front of a crowd .
a man is standing in front of a body of water .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
a group of asian men and women pose for a picture .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person is sitting on a boat in front of a boat .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man surfing a wave .
a man is catching a large wave .
a person surfing on a surfboard .
two men are sleeping in a van .
men standing in a stream at night .
men sleeping in a car car .
two men sleeping on a bench .
two men sleeping on a bench .
two guys working in a kitchen .
a man is sitting on a bench reading a newspaper .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is reading a newspaper outside .
a man is reading a book .
a man is standing in front of a newspaper .
a child in blue shorts and a blue shirt is walking on the beach .
a young boy is standing on the beach at the beach .
a child walks through the sand .
a child is playing with a toy .
a boy in a white hat and a white hat is wearing a white hat .
a group of people gather for an event .
a woman in an apron is cooking .
a woman in an apron prepares food .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an african american woman is working on something .
a group of people are kissing on yellow scaffolding .
a man is using a metal detector on the beach .
two girls playing on a playground .
people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a bride in the middle of the field .
a bride is walking down the street .
a bride stands next to a group of people .
a woman in a wedding dress and a woman in a wedding dress .
a man is fishing .
a child is sitting on the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is riding a boat on a river .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a boy on a boat in a large lake .
a child on a raft .
a child rides a boat on a lake .
a child in a blue shirt is standing near water .
a child floating on a lake .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men holding hands and jumping .
two men are walking down the street .
a musician playing the accordion .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
two people walk down the street .
two people are walking together .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man jumps into the water .
a biker doing a jump in midair .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children pose for a picture .
a man rides a bike in the woods .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle .
a man is performing a trick on a skateboard .
a man riding his bike in the woods .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a child is pushing a broom .
two people are watching the water .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a child in a blue shirt is holding her foot in the water .
a child on a beach in the ocean .
a girl in a white shirt is leaving a river .
a woman is eating a snack .
a little girl in a blue shirt is standing in the snow .
a young child is in the bathroom .
a little girl eating something on a bucket .
a baby is holding a baby .
a lady in a white shirt is making a bicycle .
a lady is working on a bike .
a woman working on a bike .
a woman is fixing a bicycle on a bicycle .
a lady is fixing her bike .
a woman is working on a project .
a woman and a man are sitting in a building .
a woman in a white shirt is riding a bike .
a woman working on a bicycle .
a child walks down the street .
a young boy is riding his bike .
a young boy is riding his bike .
a young boy is riding a bicycle .
a boy is sitting on a bike .
a man is riding a bicycle over a building .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are attending a concert .
a group of people are standing in front of a group of people .
a dog is running through the snow .
a young man is performing tricks on his bicycle .
a crowd of people are playing in the water in the middle of a city .
a person is riding a bike .
a woman in a black shirt is holding a man 's hand .
a dog jumps to catch a frisbee .
a white man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a brown dog is playing with a toy .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a young girl is laughing while sitting in the ocean .
a girl holding a bucket in the ocean .
a girl is splashing in water in the ocean .
a person in a wetsuit is surfing .
a little girl in a pink shirt is laughing .
a woman is sitting on a bench on a sunny day .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a person is riding a bike .
a woman biking down a city street .
a woman is riding a bike .
a bike rider in a red jacket is riding a bike .
a cowboy wearing a cowboy hat is running .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a group of people standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to lasso a bull while another man watches .
a woman is holding a guitar .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a group of men and women standing around a building .
a group of people are gathered in a park .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a blond woman with long hair is holding a guitar .
a man is reading a magazine .
three young men take a jump in the air .
a group of people are riding on a bike .
a girl blowing bubbles .
a group of children listening to music .
three men are jumping in the air .
a little girl is playing tennis .
a group of people are walking around a concert .
an older woman sitting on a bench .
two people are walking around a large building .
a man is pouring something into a microphone .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a crowd of people posing for a picture .
two large brown dogs play in a field .
two dogs are wrestling .
a person is riding a bike on a track .
a group of people are standing in line .
a biker is riding a bike .
three people standing in line .
three people at a fair waiting for customers .
people are waiting for customers .
people standing in line of food .
people standing in line at a fair .
a motorcycle rider is driving a motorcycle .
people standing in line .
football players in red and white uniforms are playing football .
men building a house .
a man is singing on stage .
a group of people are racing bikes .
a group of people on bicycles .
three people are riding bikes .
a group of men are riding bikes .
a mother and her child pose for the camera .
a man in a blue shirt holding metal equipment .
two children are playing in the sand .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
two dogs on a sofa .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a white puppy plays with a baby on a sofa .
three puppies on a couch .
two dogs running on a snowy mountain .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
three people standing in the street .
a group of people are standing near cars .
police officers at an accident .
two people are riding on motorcycles .
two dogs play in the grass .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs with a stick in his mouth .
an old man is riding a bicycle in a cart .
a man is sitting in a wagon .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is riding a carriage .
a dirt bike racer races through the dirt .
a group of police officers in the street .
a girl in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three men are watching a store .
an old man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a white bench .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a woman running in a race .
a man rides a horse in the street .
a person is riding a bike .
cowboy riding a horse .
a parade in a parade .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco on the street .
a man standing on a horse with a rope .
an old man sits in a doorway .
a man is showing a product .
a man is standing next to a sign .
a yellow sign with a sign .
a person in a blue shirt is standing next to a pole .
a man standing by a yellow sign .
a man standing by a sign .
a person is looking down at the sky .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring something into a microscope .
two dogs jumping in the air .
a young girl is standing outside of a building .
two dogs walk through the snow .
a group of people running on a grassy field .
two dogs running in a field .
a deer jumps over a fence .
a group of people in a field .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a view of a bus .
a person in a black wetsuit surfing in the water .
a group of people in a public place .
two children are sitting at a table with a computer in the background .
a chef prepares food .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are playing tug of war .
a white bird flies into the air .
a singer is playing a guitar .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a bird is flying through the water .
a young lady plays a musical instrument .
a young man with red hair is playing music .
two young girls are working on a clothesline .
a lady is working at a desk .
a motorcycle racer drives in the mud .
a man in a martial arts uniform is competing in a competition .
a man in a white shirt is practicing martial arts .
a martial arts martial arts match .
a man is spinning in the air in the air .
a group of people watching a competition .
a man competing in a martial arts competition .
a person wearing a hat and shorts is walking down the street .
a dark skinned boy is sleeping on a bench .
a person riding a dirt bike .
a boy in a plaid shirt with a baby in the background .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
two toddlers sitting in chairs at a table .
two toddlers sitting at a table .
a group of children sitting at a table .
two children , one in a yellow shirt and the other in a yellow shirt , are sitting in a circle .
two little kids are sitting in a highchair .
two toddlers sitting in a kitchen .
a young boy is kneeling on a rock .
a boy is kneeling on the floor .
a young boy is kneeling on a rock .
a young man sits next to an orange cloth on the floor .
a boy kneeling on the floor on the floor .
a small boy looking at a camera .
a child with green hair and a green shirt is playing with a hula hoop .
a person is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a man dressed in a costume .
a dancer is holding a guitar .
a man is playing the violin .
a man is playing a violin .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a wall .
a person in a kilt is playing the violin .
a young man shaving his face .
a musician is playing a violin .
a group of construction workers are taking a break .
workers are sitting in a kitchen .
a group of people in a kitchen .
construction workers sitting on a bench .
workers taking a break in a restaurant .
a group of people are preparing food .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a man shaving his face .
a group of people smiling .
two men are performing a dance .
a woman in an orange shirt is working in a line .
a group of people performing on stage .
two people are smiling and smiling .
a man and a woman are smiling .
a man poses for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is cooking meat .
a man giving a woman 's hair .
a small child is sitting in a room .
a group of people hiking through the woods .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a wooded area .
a group of hikers are walking on carpet .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a fish .
a group of people are gathered in a restaurant .
a butcher working with fish .
a man in a white shirt is looking at a fish .
a man working on a house .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is using a roof .
a man is standing on a rooftop .
a child is playing with rocks .
a young boy is making dough with a wooden roller coaster .
a man on a cellphone talks on a cellphone .
a man is taking a picture of his car .
a car drives down the road .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is working on a project .
a woman in an apron is cooking something .
a chef is preparing food .
a woman preparing food .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
two girls are hanging upside down .
a group of children are hanging upside down .
girls hanging upside down on a park bench .
a dog runs through snow .
a group of guys are sitting in a room .
a man and a woman are sitting in a room .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two men are holding hands .
two guys in a living room .
two men are holding hands .
two young men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are jumping in a living room .
a dog wearing a green harness is turning his head away from something .
a dog is standing in the snow .
brown dog with tongue hanging out of mouth .
a black and white dog in a forest .
construction workers working on a bike .
two men are having a conversation .
two men with black hair are having a conversation .
two people talking to each other .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a man is trying to catch fish .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is holding a microphone .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are riding in the woods .
a man is smoking a cigarette near a fence .
a dog rolls on grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a bearded man with a beard is holding a beard .
a man is holding a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man talking to another man .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
two people are having a conversation .
a chef is talking to a group of guests .
a chef is talking to a man in a white shirt .
a chef is talking to a group of people .
a chef in a chef 's shirt is preparing food in a kitchen .
a chef is talking to a group of people in the kitchen .
a group of people dressed in red , white , and white costumes .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a group of people are working on a stage .
a group of people dressed in red are performing a routine .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man is looking at a tree .
a man is walking towards a man wearing gloves .
a soldier is walking past a vehicle .
a man in a safety vest is working on a tree .
a person in an orange vest is drilling a tree .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a lift .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is working on a tree .
a man is working on a tree .
a man is looking at a tree .
a group of people are planting plants .
two people are feeding a garden in a garden .
soccer players playing soccer .
two teams playing soccer .
a group of soccer players playing soccer .
men playing soccer on a field .
a woman in a colorful dress is working at work .
two girls are sitting on a couch .
a young lady in a white dress is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a road .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two boys pulling a wagon .
a man in jeans and a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
two young boys playing soccer in an open field .
two children in a field in a field .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking in the snow .
two boys , one wearing a red coat and one in a red coat , are walking down the street .
a man is reading a book .
two elderly people walk down the street .
a man is reading a paper .
a man reading a newspaper .
a man is reading a newspaper at a newspaper stand .
a man in a turquoise shirt reading a newspaper .
two dogs on a beach .
a lady in a red jacket is standing in the snow .
a man and a dog are eating with a dog .
two young boys are sitting on a bench .
two people walk down the street .
a person is looking at binoculars .
two women working on a computer .
a group of people sitting in front of a building .
a woman sitting in a chair looking at her apple laptop .
a dog is running through the grass .
a woman working on a laptop .
a man is standing next to a small dog .
a little boy playing a guitar .
a man and a dog are petting a toy .
a man and a dog are sniffing each other .
a man is playing with a toy dog .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
people are sitting in the doorway of a building .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two children in a martial arts class .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a young boy is pulling a suitcase .
a young boy in a blue shirt and a young girl in a black shirt and blue jeans are stretching upside down .
a large family posing for a picture .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a man and woman are having a conversation .
a man is stretching by a podium .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of children are rowing a boat .
a man in a black shirt is performing a trick on stage .
a group of men are walking down the street .
a child is selling items .
three children are playing in the snow .
a man helping another woman 's boat .
a girl is playing with a hula hoop on a sunny day .
a blond girl in a black tube is standing on a rock .
a group of people are walking in a grassy field .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
children playing soccer .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
two teenage girls in ballet class are working on a bar .
a young boy and a girl are sitting at a table in a kitchen .
a group of girls in ballet outfits dance .
a man looking at a fire truck .
a man looking at a car .
a man is looking at a firetruck .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a motorcycle .
a group of dancers practicing ballet .
a kid is riding a bike in the woods .
a woman watches as a child watches .
a woman holds a little boy 's hand .
a woman with a backpack and a backpack is holding a backpack .
a woman holding an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
a woman and a child running on the sidewalk .
a woman and a young girl are crossing the street .
a woman is walking with a young boy .
a woman walks with her child .
a young boy and her mother walk down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a store .
a lady in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a little boy is blowing bubbles outside .
a woman is standing in front of a christmas tree .
two women in white and white dresses are sitting on a bench .
a group of people gather outside a building .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a bicyclist is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is playing tennis .
a man in a baseball cap is throwing a baseball .
a man in a blue shirt is throwing a ball .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man throwing a baseball in a field .
a man is throwing a baseball .
a man is holding a baseball bat .
a person in a turquoise shirt and blue shorts is jumping in the air .
a soccer player kicks the ball .
several people are walking down a city street .
two people are sitting in a park .
two women are playing in front of a door .
the snowboarder is sitting on the ground .
two skiers on a snowy mountain .
a snowboarder in the air .
a group of people at a park .
a child is playing golf .
a group of men carrying construction equipment .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
children laying in a display bed .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
children in a bed .
children are playing in a store .
two people are laying in bed in a store .
two children are in a store .
a child is holding an object .
a girl climbing a rock wall .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a child in a green shirt is playing in the grass .
a group of children are gathering together .
four women are standing next to each other .
a man is climbing a rock face .
a group of people standing near a doorway .
a young lady is climbing a wall .
four construction workers taking a meal .
a man is driving a green atv .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a group of children playing with food .
a group of children are serving eggs .
students sitting at school school .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a man is parasailing on a sunny day .
a person is parasailing in the ocean .
a group of men are jumping in the air .
two people are jumping up in the air .
three people smile at the camera .
two men jumping into the air .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two dogs are playing in the water .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs are running in the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man with a mohawk is holding a mohawk .
two men are standing next to each other .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing in front of a building .
three men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are standing in front of
a person is looking at a city .
a group of people playing video games .
two boys playing a video game .
two people are playing video games .
two men are standing next to each other .
a young boy and girl play in the water .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man is waiting for the bus .
a man laying on a bench on a sunny day .
a man selling artwork on the street .
three couples stand outside of a restaurant .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people at a ceremony .
a boy and girl are playing in the sand .
two dogs run toward each other .
a man in a white shirt is pulling up a piece of paper .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs wrestle on the beach .
two dogs on a beach .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the field .
a man is racing in front of a crowd .
a man is racing in front of a crowd .
a girl in a pink shirt is holding her hands .
a girl is holding a ball .
a little girl is playing with a balloon .
a girl is throwing a ball .
a group of people are surfing on the ocean .
a girl is jumping up in the air .
people are playing in the ocean .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is playing in a park .
a man rides a motorcycle .
a man in a red shirt is sitting in a car .
the snow is covered in snow .
a child and a lady are looking at artwork on top of a block .
a girl in a pink shirt and a girl in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
a young girl is holding a camera .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a stone bench .
two women are working in front of a body of bamboo .
two asian women are working on their laptops .
two women are working in front of a body of bamboo .
two asian women are working together .
a man carving a piece of wood .
families are riding on a carousel ride .
four dogs look at something .
an old man is smiling and smiling .
a man is standing next to a lake .
a baby chews on a toy .
a baby is holding a baby .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a pipe .
a man is resting on a bench .
a baby bites a blue toy .
a baby is laying on the grass .
a child plays in a chair .
a baby is in the sun .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a girl in a harness climbs a rock .
a man and a woman talk at a casino .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people are looking at each other in a room .
two people having a conversation .
a woman in a blue shirt sitting with a man in a blue shirt .
a girl is sitting on the floor in front of a man sitting on a chair .
a girl in front of a man in a white shirt .
a mother plays with her daughter .
a mother is holding her daughter .
a young girl is sitting on a swing .
a mother pushes her child on a swing .
a mother pushes a young girl on a swing .
a black car is making a bite of dirt .
two people posing for a picture .
an outdoor market selling vegetables .
a man and a woman are sitting down .
a child in a blue shirt is looking towards the camera .
a young child in a pink shirt is standing in the street .
a child is walking through town .
a child in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
an old man reading a newspaper .
a person is pushing a cart .
a skateboarder wearing a helmet is skateboarding .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a man is walking down the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick in a dark room .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is playing in the sand .
a child is holding a red balloon .
a man in a white shirt is getting a haircut .
a young boy is getting a haircut .
a dog jumps into the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
a dog swims in the pool .
a dog runs through the snow .
a girl in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt are dancing with a little boy .
two children in the woods .
two toddlers are on a bridge .
two young people hugging each other in front of palm trees .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
two people hugging each other .
a little girl hugging her brother .
a group of people are carrying backpacks .
two children hugging each other .
a black and white dog jumps over a rocky beach .
an older man is talking to a younger woman .
a man in shorts talks to a crowd .
an older gentleman and a lady are standing in their hands .
an older gentleman and a lady are standing on the steps of an escalator .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is walking on a sidewalk .
a man in a kilt juggling bowling pins .
a man in a coat photographs a parade .
a man is playing the accordion .
a family having a good time .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man walks his dog .
a person is walking in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is making balloons .
a man standing on a roof .
a football player in a red and white uniform is smiling .
a little girl is standing on the beach at the beach .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young girl is walking down the street .
a street performer playing bagpipes .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man taking a break from a stage .
a man standing in front of a window .
a man taking a break in front of a store window .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man looking at a man looking at a man .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sits next to a car .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a car .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is standing in front of a car .
a man is riding a bike .
a man rides a motorcycle on a sunny day .
a man is riding a bike .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a man is riding a bike .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs through grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
three people hiking in a forest .
three men are walking along a river .
a man is helping a man 's cart .
a dog is running through the grass .
a group of kids in a creek in a creek .
a dog runs near a stream .
a dog runs through the snow .
a young girl helps a young girl in a classroom .
a woman is talking to a girl .
a woman is helping another girl how to do something .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people riding down a road .
a truck is being held by a truck .
a tractor pulling a wagon with a pumpkin in its back .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a group of people are sitting under blankets in a room .
two women are walking down the street .
a woman playing a guitar .
two women sitting in a tent .
two women sitting in a tent .
two women are walking under a tent .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a tent .
a couple sitting in a tent .
a man in a white shirt is drinking beer while another person plays guitar .
two people relaxing in a tent .
a man is sleeping on a bench at a desk .
two girls are playing music at a festival .
a woman is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing on a platform .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a ladder .
a man in an orange vest is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a shirtless man working on a construction site .
a man in a white shirt is standing at a construction site .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a shirtless man is standing on a balcony holding a hammer .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the sky .
a man with no shirt on is sitting on a bench .
a man looking over a balcony .
a man is looking at the view of a boat .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock .
a woman is standing next to a statue .
a woman poses for the camera .
a woman is pointing at a woman in a blue shirt .
a man and a woman pose for a picture in front of a statue .
a man in an orange shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a baseball player in a red and white uniform is jumping in the air .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
people in a restaurant .
a little girl is sitting on a playground .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down stairs .
a little girl is looking at a group of people on a merry go round .
a girl on a merry go round .
two men are dancing on a dance floor .
a child is holding a yellow object .
a man in glasses looks at a dog .
a football player is trying to tackle the ball .
two girls are sitting in chairs and talking .
a football player in a blue jersey is playing the football .
a girl is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a statue of a man .
a man is looking at something .
a black and white dog waits to cross the road .
a dog runs across street .
a black and white dog is walking down the street .
a dog runs on a street .
two football players are competing in the field .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a group of people are gathered near a fence .
a group of people are filling a container of water .
a group of people in the desert .
a woman is holding a piece of paper .
an older man directing traffic on the street .
four women are standing in front of a classroom .
a group of people having a conversation .
a young woman taking a picture with her camera .
a woman in a yellow dress is standing next to a woman wearing a yellow dress .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
two men are working on a tree branch .
soccer players competing in a game .
construction workers working on a building .
a group of men jogging in a race .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young man shaving his face .
a man shaving his face .
a man with a beard and beard is holding a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is using a laptop .
a man with a mustache shaving his haircut .
a guy shaving his beard .
a boy running away from a woman in a blue shirt .
a woman on a swing .
a young boy is sledding down a hill .
a boy sliding down a slide .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a child is playing in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people enjoying a meal .
three people are sitting at a table drinking beer .
a group of people standing around a table .
three people are eating near a tree .
a group of people are standing near trees .
two asian men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a straw hat is walking down the street .
a young man with a cigarette in his mouth .
two men are holding papers .
a man in a white shirt holding papers .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting next to each other .
a person is wrapped in a towel in front of a bucket .
a woman in a white shirt is getting her picture taken .
a woman is wrapped in a towel in a towel .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a bucket .
a woman is laying in front of a fence next to a fence .
a group of people are having drinks .
a group of people gather around tables .
a woman with a bucket is standing next to a bucket .
a woman with a bucket is holding a bucket .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a mother is standing next to a fence .
a woman with a bucket is standing by a fence .
a group of dancers standing around a table .
a little girl is doing martial arts .
a toddler in a blue shirt and blue jeans is getting a haircut .
a child is climbing a rock wall .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a woman is talking to a man .
a group of people standing in a park .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
an elderly man speaks to a woman in front of a wall .
a man is standing in front of a group of children .
two friends are walking at night .
construction workers working on a ramp .
three construction workers working on a highway .
three construction workers stand next to a dirt ramp .
three men are working on a road .
three construction workers working on a dirt ramp .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a group of people are standing in the sand .
a man plays with a child .
a man is sitting on a stool next to a stool .
three men pose in a wooded area .
people sitting on a small rock .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three people are walking through the woods .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are sitting on a rock .
three people are taking a break at a hike .
a man is standing next to a table full of food .
several people are ordering food from a street vendor .
a small child is vacuuming the floor .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of construction workers are working outside .
people standing next to a crane .
two people are working at a construction site .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a bulldozer digging in the dirt .
a group of children sitting at a table .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a photographer stands by a graffiti covered wall .
a woman in a tank top and skirt is picking up a dishwasher .
a young man in a blue shirt is helping a dish .
a woman is standing in a kitchen .
a woman stands by a sink .
a young man is dancing in front of a crowd of people .
the brown dog is running .
two children are paddling through muddy water .
three boys rowing a boat .
two boys in a canoe in a canoe .
two boys are walking across the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a street vendor selling items .
two children are sitting in a boat .
people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man smoking a cigarette is smoking a cigarette .
a man standing with his eyes closed .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a guy smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a
a person in a black jacket is standing in front of a store .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a brown coat is walking down the street .
a construction worker in a safety vest and goggles is looking down .
a person is posing with a yellow vest .
a man in a green and yellow shirt looks on .
a woman in a black shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is laying down on the ground .
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman holding a stick .
a man surfing in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is watching a football .
a man watching a football game .
a man in a red shirt is playing soccer .
a man is watching a football .
a man is watching a football game .
a woman is playing baseball .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a clown in a red shirt is smiling .
two basketball players playing basketball .
two guys sitting on a bench .
people walk down a city street .
men sitting on a bench in front of a billboard .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting outside on a sunny day .
two men are walking down the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a billboard of a billboard .
two men sit next to each other .
two men are sitting next to each other in front of a billboard .
two men are sitting next to each other .
a rollerblader in the air with his arms raised .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a back flip .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a kid on a ramp .
a man with his arm around his arm .
a man is standing in front of a window .
a man is taking a picture of something .
a man reading a book .
a man in a black shirt is using a microphone .
a man is lying in grass reading a book .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a man in a blue shirt .
a man reading a book in a field .
a man is reading a book .
a motorcycle with a dog in the background .
a man and a dog are riding a horse .
a man is riding a motorcycle with his dog .
a clown is laughing .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a vehicle .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man wearing glasses is driving his vehicle .
a man is playing a guitar .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a black and white dog runs past a cat .
a cat bites at a dog .
a white dog and a cat are sniffing each other .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
two dogs fighting at each other .
a young boy is digging in the snow .
a person is raking leaves .
a cat bites at a dog .
a boy is raking leaves .
a dog plays with a cat .
a black dog chewing at a brown cat .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing in the sand .
people standing on a bridge .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a couple looking at the water .
people crossing a lake .
a little girl is playing with a toy mower .
a crowd of people in a crowded room .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman in a bathing suit is standing in the water .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a group of people standing around a table .
a boy is hanging upside down on the ground .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people standing around a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
people are standing outside of a store .
a girl is playing volleyball .
a volleyball player hits the ball .
a volleyball player is about to hit a volleyball .
a woman is playing volleyball .
a woman standing on the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at a shopping bag .
a woman waits on the sidewalk .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a lady is standing on the sidewalk .
a man is fixing a machine .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is working on a machine .
a man in a polo shirt is fixing a ticket machine .
a man in a polo shirt is fixing a machine on the side of a busy street .
a woman standing on a street with children .
a group of people are standing in front of a patient .
a group of young people are walking down the street .
a large group of people are standing in front of a castle .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a boy on a tire swing .
a group of women dressed in black are dancing .
two women are standing and looking at something .
a group of people in a kitchen .
four young men and a woman in a kitchen .
a group of people are at a party .
a young man and a woman are sitting in a kitchen talking on a cellphone .
five people are sitting in a room .
a group of people in a kitchen .
a group of people are gathered in a living room .
two horses competing in a race .
two jockeys competing in a race .
two jockeys competing in a race .
jockeys riding horses .
a jockey jumps over a hurdle .
two men are performing repairs .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a woman dressed as a woman and a woman dressed in a black dress are dancing .
the tractor is on the tractor .
a group of people sitting on a wall .
a woman in a costume is holding a purse .
a woman in a costume in a parade .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
a woman in a costume is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a boy is sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting on the ground .
a young boy is sitting on the ground .
five men wearing suits are sitting on a bench .
a small child is holding a piece of bamboo .
two dogs play in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl sitting in a small chair in a small chair .
a toddler is sitting in a blue chair in a wooded area .
a little girl is sitting on rocks .
a man is crossing the street .
people are waiting at a red light light light .
a man is waiting to cross the road .
a security truck is parked on the street .
two people pose for a picture .
children playing basketball .
a group of people are walking in a field .
a group of children are playing soccer .
basketball players playing basketball .
a group of people playing basketball .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a group of people are playing soccer .
four people are walking down the street .
people sleeping on a bench .
an artist drawing a picture .
people playing with balls on a sidewalk .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of children and adults are sitting on a rock .
children playing on a sidewalk .
a scuba diver underwater .
a woman in a blue shirt is boxing in the water .
three guys are sitting on a bench .
a girl is driving a wheelchair at night .
a woman on a bicycle poses for the camera .
a woman poses for a picture .
a woman is driving a bicycle carriage and poses for a picture .
a group of people sitting in a carriage .
a woman is walking down the street .
the bike is pulling a red cart .
a girl is riding a bike .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a girl on a bike pulling a man on a bike .
a girl is pulling a man in a cart .
a young girl with a bike is riding a bike .
a woman is riding a bike .
a person with a fishing pole fishing .
three people are crossing a pond .
a man is playing a guitar while sitting on the floor next to a keyboard with a baby in the background .
a man playing a guitar .
a man and a woman play musical instruments .
a man and a child play music .
a man playing a guitar with a baby .
a man in a blue jacket is standing in front of a wheelbarrow .
a group of people at a farm farm .
a group of people in a field .
a guy in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is picking up trash .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring crops .
a man picking trash in a garden .
a man in a green shirt is standing in the mud .
a man in a green shirt is running through the plants .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are looking at something .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
two men looking over a railing on a ledge .
two people are looking at the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are looking at a fence .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are playing together .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bus looking down .
two children hugging each other .
a little boy and girl in bathing suits play in a pool .
two people are playing in the sand .
two children are hugging each other .
a snowboarder jumps in the air .
a group of people on a boat .
two women are looking out over a telescope .
a child and a girl are sitting on a boat .
two girls are sitting on a boat .
two construction workers trying to stop the water .
construction workers are working on a trampoline .
two men working on a project .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are cleaning the floor of a building .
two men cleaning into a foreign country .
two men are cleaning the side of a dock .
two men , one wearing a blue uniform and the other in a blue uniform , are walking down the street .
a group of men in hard hats are working together .
two men in a blue dress are working on the street .
a person preparing food .
a man is working with his hands .
a man and woman are fishing .
a person is looking at the ocean .
a group of people are walking through the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black tank top raises her left arm in front of her fans .
a couple in a boat on a small river .
a group of people are making art .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to an older woman .
a man jogging on a trail .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking down the street .
a man is running down the street .
a musician playing the accordion .
an old man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a child rides a motorcycle .
a group of men are gathered around a table .
a group of men are working on a project .
a little boy is going down a hill .
a young boy rides a bike .
a boy is riding a bike .
a little boy is riding a dirt bike on a dirt bike .
a man is riding a vehicle on a dirt road .
a person in a helmet rides a dirt bike over a dirt hill .
two men are looking at an exhibit .
a young child rides a dirt bike .
a group of artists are playing instruments .
a group of women are performing on stage .
a group of women in black dresses are singing .
a group of people standing around a table .
a roller derby roller derby roller derby .
two girls hugging each other .
a woman in a roller derby outfit is rollerskating .
a girl is skating down a track .
a man is working on a cement wall .
a roller derby girl on a roller derby team .
a young girl in a red shirt is running down a track .
a young girl skating on a track .
a gymnast is getting ready to hit the ball .
two children are laughing .
a man does a handstand on the olympic rings .
a person is hanging upside down from a concrete wall .
four teenagers are looking in various directions .
a group of women are standing in a crowd .
a gymnast is performing on the rings .
a man in a white shirt is holding a cookie with chopsticks .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man in a black shirt is standing in a bakery .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is making cookies .
a group of people at a party .
a woman in a white shirt is cleaning dishes .
a girl is playing with hay .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a child playing with a shovel .
a person in an orange shirt is holding an ice cream cone .
a man is competing in a race .
a young girl is rolling a large snowball .
a child is playing in the snow .
a girl in a red shirt is spinning a ball in the snow .
a child makes a large snowball in the snow .
a girl is pushing a sled through the snow .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
a girl is upside down on a swing .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on an adult 's shoulders .
an adult is carrying a child .
a lady in a white shirt is standing next to a bridge .
two football players playing football .
a person with a red backpack is walking down the street .
a person is standing on a pier .
a man is standing on a dock on a dock .
two men boxing in a boxing ring .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off the ground .
a baby is sitting in a swing .
a group of people working on a project .
a couple posing in front of a large building .
a group of people in front of a church .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a man in a kilt is standing next to a man in a kilt .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is praying .
a man with long hair is smiling while playing a banjo .
an adult is playing the drums .
a man with long hair playing a banjo .
two men are looking at a plant .
a group of football players are playing football .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man holds a stuffed animal .
a man is using a stuffed animal .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth .
a man is holding a stuffed animal .
a man with a tattoo is posing in front of a camera .
a man in a white shirt and jeans is standing on his skis .
a group of people are walking away from the camera .
two men running on a pier .
people running in a race .
three people are walking down the street .
two men are competing in a race .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three young boys sit on steps .
two men are sitting on a bench .
three people are walking down the street .
two dogs look at each other .
two dogs in a grassy field .
two dogs chase each other .
two dogs are standing on the grass .
a person is kneeling in shallow water .
a young boy plays piano .
a boy is playing piano .
a boy is playing piano .
a group of players posing for a picture .
a boy in a white shirt playing a guitar .
two dogs playing tug of war .
a person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt path .
a group of people are looking at a river .
people leaning against a railing .
three women are shopping at the beach at the beach .
three friends sit by a lake .
a group of teenagers stand in front of a body of water .
a man is walking with two people in the street .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of dancers perform on stage .
a crowd of people watch as a crowd watches .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a group of men dancing .
a man is dancing on a stage while a large crowd watches .
four men are performing on stage .
a woman in a wheelchair is walking in a wheelchair .
dancers dancing in front of a crowd .
three people having a conversation .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are talking to each other .
people sitting at tables at tables .
a mountain climber in the snow .
three women are sitting at a table .
three men talking to each other .
people talking to each other .
a group of people talking to each other .
a man and a woman are cutting something .
a young boy is standing on the beach at the beach .
a group of people in a building .
a man in a black shirt is presenting his sunglasses .
a bald man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a man in a suit is looking at the camera .
a man with glasses is holding glasses .
a man and a woman are standing on the back of a van in front of a van .
a woman is walking on a sidewalk .
a group of people are sitting on a park bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is selling pigeons on the street .
an elderly woman is standing in a shopping center .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a pile of blankets .
two women sitting at a bench .
a girl stands in a room .
people are swimming in a pool .
a man eats an apple .
two people swimming in a pool .
people playing volleyball in a pool .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a building .
two people are walking down the street .
a black and white dog is walking through the snow .
a brown dog carries something in its mouth .
a black and white dog walks across the snow .
two guys are looking at the ocean .
two men on a boat in the water .
two men are fishing across the ocean .
two men fishing on a boat .
two people are sitting in a boat .
a person walking down the street .
a little girl is taking a drink from a cup .
a little girl is drinking a beer .
a girl sitting in a coffee shop .
a little girl is holding a cup .
a man is riding a bike .
a woman is walking under an airplane .
a group of people are watching a performance .
a group of people walking on a road .
a mother and her two children are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a grill .
a man with white pants and a white shirt is holding a white helmet .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
five people are walking on the beach .
a man with a white beard is standing in front of a white building .
a group of people gather around a campfire .
a group of people are participating in a ceremony .
a city street with people in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a busy city street .
a group of friends enjoying a river .
a group of men in hard hats are playing instruments .
a group of people gathered around a street corner .
a group of people marching down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
several people are walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a dog in a field .
a woman is holding a purse .
a woman is working on a project .
a man is walking down the street .
a guy is riding a skateboard down the street .
a black and white dog is chasing a white dog .
five dogs chasing each other in a field .
a group of people are playing in the water .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a skateboarder wearing a red baseball cap and blue shirt is skateboarding .
a skateboarder in a skate park .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a boy is playing with his skateboard .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard .
two men are posing for a picture .
a man is pointing at a camera .
two guys are posing for a picture .
two men pose for a picture .
a man and woman pose for the camera .
two men are posing for a picture .
two men pose for a picture .
two men in front of a pillar .
a man and a woman are looking at each other .
two men are hanging out of a building .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
two men are hanging out of a building .
two men are hanging out of a building .
a man parasailing over the ocean .
a man is smoking a cigarette outside .
a man is playing a game on a computer .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a girl jumping on a couch .
a little girl jumping in the air .
a little girl jumping off a couch .
a girl jumping from a couch .
a group of people in a park .
two girls are playing in a fountain .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of children playing in a field .
a woman is standing next to a taxi sign .
a little girl is jumping into the water .
two children are sitting on a bench .
two children are playing in the woods .
two children are hugging each other on a swing .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman sitting at a convenience store .
a woman sitting in a shop .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman sitting in a chair in a grocery store .
a lady is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a unicycle in a wheelchair .
a person laying on a deck .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a man in a white shirt is protesting .
three people walk through a gate .
a man working on a construction project .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting in a chair .
a group of people dancing in front of a group of people .
a man in a suit is standing in the street .
a group of people on a city street .
soldiers cross the street .
a woman sitting at a table at a table .
two people are riding horses in front of a man holding a gun .
a group of horses are in a field .
a man in a military uniform talks to a man in a military uniform .
a boy is holding a ball .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
an elderly woman with short hair is holding a piece of metal .
a person jumping in the air .
a boy holding a white ball .
a man is walking down the street .
a boy with a ball in his mouth .
a boy is playing volleyball .
a boy is playing volleyball .
a boy in a bathing suit is playing volleyball .
a young boy in a white dress is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of young boys playing volleyball .
a woman with sunglasses on her head is looking up at a map .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a little boy is sitting next to a little girl who is sitting next to a little girl .
a little girl is standing next to a boy in a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is checking his map .
children are playing in the water .
a group of people are gathered around playing instruments .
five men are playing musical instruments .
a group of children playing in a field .
a group of people playing instruments .
a group of people are playing in a room .
a group of musicians in a living room .
a group of musicians playing music .
a group of musicians playing music .
two children are playing in the sand .
a baby is sitting on a bench .
a little boy is standing on a rock .
a girl in a pink dress is standing outside of a building .
a girl in a pink dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a baby in a pink dress is holding a baby .
a little girl is standing next to a stone platform .
a baby is holding a stone structure .
a dog chases a toy .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl poses on a rock wall .
a baby is posing for a picture .
a baby is sitting on a wall .
a girl is sitting on a wall .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
two men are speaking into microphones .
a man is trying to sell a ticket .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a man in a green shirt talking to another man .
two dogs play in a field .
a basketball player in a white jersey is looking at the ball .
two women are working on something .
a young girl is smiling .
a group of people playing instruments .
two soldiers celebrating an award .
a man and a woman perform on stage .
three musicians performing on stage .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a little girl in a red shirt is sitting at a playground .
a man with a camera is getting ready to climb a high structure .
a girl in a coat looks at art .
a girl in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a young girl holding her finger in her mouth .
a young man with long brown hair wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is brushing her fingers .
a girl in a red coat is holding her finger .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a person in a red shirt is riding a bike .
a young soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is running down the street .
a boy is playing soccer .
many people in a crowded street .
a boy playing soccer .
two dogs look at each other .
an olympic athlete wearing an orange uniform is waving while waving .
a black and white dog with a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog is licking its nose .
two dogs are sniffing each other .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a white dog is looking at a black dog .
a white dog in a white sweater and blue jeans is standing in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are sniffing each other .
a man with glasses holds a book .
a group of people taking a picture .
three people having a conversation .
two men talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a crowd of people are protesting .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a small child with a brown dog and a black dog with a black dog in the water .
a small child in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a boy walks his dog .
a small child walks through a field .
a child and a dog play in the sand .
a young boy walks in front of a lake .
a child and a dog walk near the water .
a child and a dog in front of a lake .
two women sit outside of a building .
two women are walking down the street .
a person is looking off into the distance .
a blond blond haired blond haired blond woman wearing a black shirt and black pants is
a woman looking at a man .
a person in a red shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people are sitting at a table in front of an audience .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
two people sit at a table with a crowd watching .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player trying to catch a baseball .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a soccer player catches the ball .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is kneeling down in front of a woman in a suit .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are doing a string .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing on a rock .
a man and a woman are kneeling on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman poses for a picture .
a child standing near a pile of buckets .
a small boy is playing in the water .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young girl in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
construction workers on the side of a road .
a small brown dog is cleaning the floor .
a black dog and a white dog are cleaning the floor .
three puppies are playing in the water .
a mountain climber in the snow .
the sky in the background .
two men are working on the water .
a young man is playing a game of monopoly .
a dog is biting another dog .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a bucking bronco .
a man is riding a horse .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two dogs swimming in the water .
a group of children are waiting for a school .
a young girl and her mother are sitting on the ground .
a young girl in a pink dress is kissing her mother .
a girl and her mother are sitting in a classroom .
a family is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is waiting for a group of children .
two children are standing next to a gate .
a group of students are playing in a park .
a man is parasailing in the ocean .
a group of people are in the desert .
a person is parasailing with a green parachute .
a person is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is flying over the ocean .
a waterskier with a face on his face .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a bmx rider jumping through the woods .
two children are walking on a staircase .
four women are working together .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
construction workers working on a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the roof of a building .
a man in a hard hat is working on a roof .
a man in a white shirt is working on a roof .
a man is sitting on a scaffold in front of a construction site .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a large brown and white dog is fighting in the woods .
a man in a white shirt is throwing something in front of him .
two dogs play in the grass .
a doctor is looking at something .
a group of people looking at something .
medical workers are working on a patient .
a group of people watching an event .
a hospital staff is sitting on the floor .
a woman is using a hammer .
a man is jumping off of a cliff .
a man is shoveling rocks .
two people are riding a horse .
three dogs running in the grass .
a man is riding a horse in a rodeo .
a man is riding a white horse .
a person is riding a horse .
two men looking into the distance .
a man is riding a horse in front of a crowd of people .
a horse is holding up a white helmet .
people in a parade .
a man in a blue shirt is fixing an electric object while another man watches .
two girls face each other .
two dogs running in a field .
two men wearing hats .
a woman in glasses is sitting in a chair .
a group of dogs taking a picture .
a woman wearing glasses and a woman in a black shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman with glasses is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a black dress is talking on a cellphone .
a woman wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a dog is taking a picture .
a construction worker is digging a hole in front of a machine .
a man in a turquoise shirt with a name tag on her dress is sitting in a highchair .
two women are playing instruments outside .
a person in a black shirt laughs at the camera .
a man sings into a microphone .
a baby is swimming in the water .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a baby is holding a baby .
a baby is feeding a baby .
a baby is holding a baby .
a baby is feeding a bath in a bath .
a dog runs on the sand .
two dogs play tug of war on the beach .
a group of people are standing in front of a giant banner .
four men sit on the ground next to a garbage bag .
a group of people are getting ready to do karate .
a group of people are standing in front of a large waterfall .
a person in a costume is kneeling in front of a typewriter .
a man in a white outfit is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl is sitting on stairs .
a clown is playing with balloons .
a woman smiles as she smiles .
a person in a red coat is standing in a doorway .
a black and white dog stands on stairs at the bottom of a flight of stairs .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are sitting on the ground .
two climbers are climbing up a rock .
a man with a shovel is standing at a construction site .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt holding a puppet .
a young boy rides a bike on a field .
a group of people shopping .
two dogs are biting each other .
a man in a blue shirt is listening to a teacher .
a person sitting in front of a building .
a soldier is speaking into a microphone .
a man and a woman are walking down a busy street at night .
a teacher stands in front of a projector screen .
a man in a military uniform gives a presentation .
a young boy plays with a toy toy .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people at an outdoor market .
a boy is throwing leaves .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
people walking down a street .
an asian man in a blue shirt holds a large dragon .
a child plays in the ocean .
two dogs play in the snow .
men playing soccer on a field .
a worker working on a construction site .
kids playing in the water .
a man in a red shirt is watching a man .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing near a fountain .
a woman is looking away from the camera while playing in a fountain .
two children and a woman are enjoying themselves in the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people in a parade .
a man is operating a piece of heavy leaves .
a man is standing by a motorcycle .
a man wearing a backpack is wearing a backpack .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two people are standing near a waterfall .
two people are standing near a body of water .
a group of african american boys in the ocean .
a man is holding a large hammer .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt looks at the camera .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is working with computers .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a brown jacket is standing outside of a building .
a woman is laying in front of a body of water .
a man and a woman are enjoying dinner .
people eating at a restaurant .
a couple enjoying a meal .
two people are eating a meal .
a man in a suit is walking down the street .
a rock band is posing for a concert .
two ladies sitting on a bench looking at a book .
a man and a woman are playing the guitar .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white shirt is reading a book .
two girls are holding a book .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a young boy .
a little boy sits by a pier .
people are walking in a park .
two women eating dinner .
a young man jumps in the air .
a man is playing in a pool .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a crowd of people watch as a crowd watches .
a man is smoking a cigarette in a field .
a man in a black jacket is smoking a cigarette with a black hat .
a man in a white shirt is fishing .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a woman in a black tank top and skirt is talking on a cellphone .
a blond woman in a black tank top and black skirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are standing in a house .
a woman in a blue shirt is being held by a man .
a young girl is riding a bicycle .
two elderly women are walking down the street .
a group of people riding bicycles .
a city view of a river .
a man leads a bridge across a bridge .
a bicyclist is riding on a river .
a man is playing basketball .
three men in a theater .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are watching a man in a blue shirt .
police and firemen are gathered around a firetruck .
a young boy is showing his necklace .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar next to a green cart .
a person in a white shirt stands in front of a crowd .
two men are walking down the street .
a dog is playing with a ball .
a black and white dog is standing on the beach .
a woman in a blue bathing suit is splashing in water .
a woman is bowling .
an asian man in a colorful dress is shopping .
a dog runs through the water .
a group of people are putting up lanterns .
a man is taking a picture .
two construction workers are working on a train .
a couple is kissing in front of a kissing couple .
a couple kissing a kiss .
two men working on a building .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a dock .
a man sitting on a dock on a dock .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench .
people are reading a book .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man and a woman are reading a book .
two people are standing next to each other .
a man and a woman are reading newspapers .
people are reading a newspaper .
a man is walking towards the camera .
three people wearing hats are standing in front of a building .
two women are sitting on the ground .
a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is carrying a bag on his shoulder .
a child throws something to a dog .
a man throwing a basketball .
a little girl is standing in front of a dog .
a little girl plays with a dog .
a man in a black hat is walking with a man wearing a hat and holding a bag .
cheerleaders are standing on a field .
a waiter is standing next to a table .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a coffee shop .
a view of an outdoor restaurant .
a group of people in a restaurant .
a waiter is working in a restaurant .
a dog chases another dog .
two dogs are chasing each other in a grassy field .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a dog chases another dog in the grass .
an old man is working in a garden .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a person in a swimming pool .
two people swimming in a pool .
a man is swimming with a young boy .
a child is holding a child .
a man and a little boy are swimming in the water .
two guys in the water .
a father and son in the water .
a man and a young boy pose for a picture .
a group of people in the water .
two people swimming in a pool .
a young man and an older man are standing in the water .
two people are swimming in the water .
two people are swimming in the water .
a man and a young boy swimming in a pool .
a man learning how to swim .
a group of people in the water .
a man and a child swimming in a pool .
two men are swimming in water .
two men swimming in the water .
a group of people are walking around a table .
a crowd of people are waiting for a race .
a group of people are looking at art in an art gallery .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a santa costume playing the violin .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a santa hat is playing the violin .
a group of people are working together .
a blond girl with blond hair is standing on the sidewalk .
a baseball player is attempting to catch the ball .
two women wearing aprons are cooking .
a person in a heavy coat and goggles is taking a picture of a group of people .
a group of men dressed in formal attire are walking down the street .
a man working on an art sculpture .
a child sits on a stone wall .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
an old man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman and a child look at artwork .
two people are walking down the street .
a statue of a statue .
two men are riding their bikes .
a group of men are riding bikes .
a statue of a statue .
a statue of a statue .
a statue of a statue of a statue of a statue .
a young man is sitting on a bench .
two men on bicycles in a shopping center .
several people in the middle of a shopping center .
people are sitting in a shopping center .
two people in the middle of a shopping center .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on bicycles in a shopping center .
a young man sitting on a park bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a dirt bike on a dirt road .
a group of children playing on a dirt road .
two young boys are picking fruit in a basket on a bicycle .
two boys on a dirt road .
a man and woman are preparing fruit .
two boys are making fruit on a bicycle .
two young boys with fruit on their heads .
two young boys are putting apples into a bicycle .
two boys carrying fruit .
a brown dog walks through the grass .
two teenagers are sitting on a bench in a park .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a woman in a black shirt is applying makeup .
two women are waiting for a show .
two young girls are sitting on a bench talking .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
two women are standing next to each other .
a man is sleeping on a sleeping bench .
a man is sleeping at a table .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man operating a crane .
a snowboarder in the air .
a man sleeps alone at a table .
a dog runs through the snow .
an older man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs in the grass .
a black and white dog is playing with a toy .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a mop .
an old man in a blue shirt looks down over a railing .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a little girl in a pink dress is sitting on a swing .
a child is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a band performs on stage .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
an elderly man sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people wearing yellow and yellow uniforms are walking in a parade .
a man in a white shirt is looking down from above .
a woman sits outside of a shop .
a group of dogs are pulling a sled over the snow .
a man in the back of a truck .
people at a parade .
three men and a woman are standing in a truck .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans stands in front of a truck .
a truck is being watched by a truck .
four people are standing in a truck .
four people are standing in front of a truck .
a group of people are riding on a road .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a truck is filled with flags .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are trying to get a javelin .
a young girl runs through a library .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people in front of a library .
kids playing in the water .
a man is standing next to a small car .
a group of people are standing in front of a brick building .
a group of people are walking through a house .
a man and a woman are preparing to take a picture of a bus .
a baby is in a toy bed .
a person in a white shirt is eating food .
a street vendor sets up his produce .
a fruit vendor selling fruit .
a dark haired woman is using a fruit cart .
three women are holding carts .
a lady is smoking a cigarette and smoking a cigarette .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a young woman in a black shirt is walking .
a woman in shorts and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a girl in a blue shirt is walking down a road .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy is talking on a cellphone .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a microphone .
a small child is taking a picture of a puppet .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt stand in front of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a flag .
a street performer is crossing the street .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a white bird flies into the water .
a bird jumps into the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a hiker is walking through the woods .
two women , one in a black shirt and the other in a white shirt , are dancing .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people watching a tennis match .
a group of people are dancing .
a teacher stands in front of a classroom .
a man is opening a book .
a teacher in front of a class of children .
a man is opening a book .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
four people are sitting on a bench .
a little girl is riding a pony .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is showing a group of children .
a child is riding a horse .
a girl is riding a horse .
a father and son walking to the ocean .
a dog runs on the floor .
a man and a boy are walking down a path .
people walking by a body of water .
a man in a white shirt is singing on stage .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a group of people are watching a performance .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a dancer dressed in pink is dancing .
a woman drinking from a glass .
a woman in a costume is drinking a drink .
a crowd of people at a concert .
a man in a white shirt is drinking beer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a woman in a purple shirt holding a glass glass .
a snowboarder wearing a blue jacket and green pants is snowboarding .
a snowboarder wearing a blue and green wetsuit is sliding down the side of a mountain .
a snowboarder grinding down a mountain .
a man snowboarding down a mountain .
a snowboarder goes down a snowy mountain .
a snowboarder wearing a blue jacket and green pants dives down a slope .
a snowboarder in the air .
a mountain biker in the snow .
a person in a blue shirt is on a board in the snow .
a person in a red shirt is riding a snowboard .
a little girl wearing a black shirt and black pants is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt with a cigarette in her mouth .
a man in a white shirt is using a microscope .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a lab is standing in a lab .
a group of people on a path .
a group of photographers standing on a hillside in the snow with trees in the background .
a line of people on a snowy mountain .
the taxi is driving down the street .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a teacher showing a class of students .
a man writing on a chalkboard .
a man writing on paper .
a man is writing on a small chalkboard .
a man in a striped sweater writes .
a man writing on a chalkboard .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting in a chair .
two young girls are walking down the street .
two girls are climbing in a forest .
two young girls are playing in a forest with a tree in the background .
two females are jumping in the air .
a girl climbing a tree .
a group of children are standing in a field .
a group of people working at a food stand .
a black and white dog is biting a man in a white shirt .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a building .
a woman is getting ready to swim .
a man is falling into the air .
a group of young girls are sitting on a bench .
three men are playing a musical instrument .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are sitting on the floor .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a boy in a green shirt is standing in a market .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are watching ice cream .
a man is preparing ice cream .
people under umbrellas under umbrellas .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a woman serving ice cream .
a woman watching another woman .
a young boy in a swimming pool .
a couple walking down the street .
a dark skinned man is eating a pink umbrella .
a group of people in suits are walking down the street .
a man is eating something .
a man is eating a meal .
a man is eating a treat .
two dogs play in the snow .
a little girl in a pink dress is looking at something .
a person is sitting in front of a fenced area .
a construction worker working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a hard hat is working on a construction site .
a construction worker working on a roof .
a construction worker welding a beam .
a man in a blue shirt is working with metal .
a man is welding a piece of metal .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a piece of paper .
a man in a white shirt is welding a piece of paper .
a man is welding a piece of metal .
three men lean on a truck .
a man working on a project .
a little girl is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt holding a microphone .
a child drawing on a chalkboard .
a young man is pushing a metal suitcase down the street .
a young girl wearing a pink shirt and blue shorts is bowling .
people are standing in front of a building .
four boys are sitting on a bench .
a kid is doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
a man wearing a helmet rides a skateboard .
a black dog and a black dog are playing in the snow .
a young man in a blue shirt is kicking another man 's hand .
a man in a black shirt shows off his face .
a baker preparing food .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman walks through a field .
a small child is sitting on a chair .
a man carries luggage on a cart .
a white dog running in the snow .
a man is resting his head on his arm .
a woman is looking at something in her hand .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a cellphone .
a woman looking at a cellphone .
a woman is sitting on the ground in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is mixing something .
people waiting to cross the street .
a group of people waiting in line .
two guys are walking into a body of water .
people waiting for something .
a man is riding a bike .
an african american male wearing a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of an audience .
a group of people are riding on motorcycles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike .
two people are walking down the street .
a kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
two people are performing a science experiment .
a man in a lab coat and a woman in a lab coat and a woman in a white lab coat are mixing cups in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is pouring liquid from a glass glass .
a man is holding a glass .
a man working in a lab .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is using a microscope .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a
a man and a woman are working together .
a man working in a lab .
a man is pouring something from a glass glass .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man and a woman are putting cups in a lab .
a group of people are parked on the street .
a man cleaning a cement truck .
a man is working on a cement truck .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a truck pouring cement .
a group of cheerleaders are performing on stage .
two men are practicing martial arts .
a group of people racing in a race .
a truck is driving down the road .
a car is driving on a track .
two men wearing black pants , black pants , black pants , black pants , black pants , black pants , black pants , black pants , black
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are fighting .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans is standing in front of a group of people .
two men with black pants , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt , one in a black shirt and one in
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are working on a roof .
two men practicing martial arts .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are working on a
two men practicing martial arts .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a back flip .
two people practicing martial arts .
a group of people are doing martial arts .
a young boy rides a swing .
a boy swings on a swing .
a boy playing on a swing in front of a house .
a young boy is standing next to a wooden structure .
a boy is swinging on a swing .
a white dog plays in the snow .
young boys competing in a race .
a man is riding a bike on a track .
two men are performing a task in front of a bicycle .
two children running down a path .
a group of young children running to race .
two boys running in a race .
a child in a blue shirt is playing the beach .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is swimming in the water .
a woman in a blue dress walks down the aisle .
a man is weaving a piece of cloth .
a group of people walking down a city street .
a group of people watch as a crowd watches .
a group of people standing on the street .
a man in a crowd is holding a guitar .
a man and a woman are playing guitar .
people in the middle of a street .
a person is riding a bicycle .
people racing a race race .
two dogs play in the grass .
a person swimming underwater .
a female swimmer in the middle of a bathing suit takes a bath .
a teenage boy skateboarding on a ramp .
a woman is swimming underwater .
a teenager is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a woman swimming in a pool .
a black child is skating in front of graffiti .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a young boy and a child walk away from the camera on a sunny day .
two women are talking to each other .
two children and their parents are sitting on a park bench .
a group of people in the water .
two girls are having a conversation .
two women talking to each other .
two women talking to each other .
two men having a conversation .
a person in a blue shirt is standing at night .
a mountain biker rides downhill .
a biker rides down a hill .
a biker is riding a bike .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people are painting .
a man sitting on a bench with his dog looking at the water .
a man and a dog are standing near a lake .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a dog .
the sun sets over the ocean .
a group of people are sitting on benches in the shade .
a man and a dog are standing near a pond .
people having a conversation .
a young boy poses for a picture .
a boy is sitting on a bench .
a man and a young boy are sitting on a bench .
five people talking at night at night .
a crowd of people on a street .
people standing outside of a restaurant .
a man drawing a picture .
a policeman looks out over the water .
a bearded man in a leather jacket walks up the steps of the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking up the steps .
a man is sitting on steps .
a man in a blue jacket walks up the steps with a red bag .
a dog jumps over a bar .
a worker in a hard hat is loading a wheelchair on a train .
a man playing a guitar .
a man with long brown hair and a long brown hair is standing in front of a microphone .
a man with brown hair and a brown shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a girl is swinging a baseball bat .
a young girl in a red shirt is walking down a street .
a girl is playing baseball .
a scuba diver underwater .
a scuba diver swimming underwater .
a swimmer poses with plants .
a man swims underwater underwater .
a scuba diver poses next to a plant .
a lady in a white shirt is looking at a sign .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is juggling a drum .
a man kayaking in the water .
a man kayaking in the water .
two men kayaking in the water .
four men are walking down the street .
two men are riding a truck .
four men standing outside of a truck .
a group of men are riding on a garbage truck .
four men are sitting on the back of a garbage truck .
a man is pushing a man in a wheelchair .
a man in a white shirt is operating a kayak .
men on the back of a ditch .
four people riding on a truck .
two men are riding on the back of a ditch .
a group of people are riding a truck .
two men are working on a truck .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a taxi driver is looking at a sign .
a girl dancing at a party .
two men in white shirts are standing in front of a building .
two boys are playing in front of a building .
a person is getting ready to throw a ball .
a man in a hat sings into a microphone .
a group of people are looking at a telescope .
a man is teaching a presentation .
a girl is weaving her nails .
a woman talking to a man .
a woman in a blue dress is making her nails .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a woman is painting her nails .
a woman in a white shirt is using a loom .
an older woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
two girls play on a swing set .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table in a classroom .
a man is taking a picture of a man .
a man is preparing a meal .
a man in a white shirt is making a meal .
a man with a mohawk cutting meat .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man is hanging upside down .
a man in a white shirt is hanging over the air over a cloudy sky .
a man is hanging upside down on a cliff .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of an audience .
a person in a red shirt is riding a jet ski .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of an ice cream cone .
a guy doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a metal platform .
a couple walks down the beach .
people walking through sand at the beach .
a group of people are walking in the sand .
a group of people at the beach .
a dog carries a ball in its mouth .
a woman is drawing with chalk on the sidewalk .
two women are working in a kitchen .
a woman in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are making a conversation .
a woman is standing next to a girl in a white shirt .
two men in orange vests and hard hats are working in a factory .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two men in front of a camera .
a dog shaking off water .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a man in a blue uniform and a woman in a blue uniform are standing in a field .
a dog is standing next to a river .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog stands near water .
a black dog shakes water on the side of a river .
a dog swims in the water .
a group of children in a field .
a group of people on a cliff .
a group of people walking in a canyon .
two climbers on a sunny day .
two people are looking at the ocean below .
two people are walking down the street .
a worker in a hard hat is working on an art sculpture .
a man in a red shirt is coming out of a red building .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a skateboard trick .
a guy in a white shirt is doing a trick on a train .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a group of people dressed in formal attire .
two girls are painting a tree .
a group of people are fishing in a boat .
a woman is holding a camera .
a group of people are preparing for an event .
a dog is running through the grass .
a black dog runs through the grass .
a dog bites a fence .
a worker in an orange vest is working on an orange crane .
a black dog running in a grassy field .
a child carries a child in a stroller .
a woman walks by a river .
a person is standing outside of a building .
a woman is standing in shallow water .
two men in orange shirts with a man in the background .
two men in red shirts talking to a man in a red shirt .
two people are having a conversation .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two men in red shirts are talking to each other .
a group of people having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
a man working on a roof .
three men fishing on a boat .
three people are sitting on a boat .
a group of people on a boat .
a beautiful view of a city .
a man enjoying a drink .
a man is cutting fish .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man with a cart is crossing the street .
a child is doing a handstand in a book .
a woman talks to an asian man .
a boy getting ready to throw a ball .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a couch talking .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man is digging a hole in a hole .
a young girl is sitting in a chair reading a book .
a woman is kayaking in a kayak .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a room full of people in a room .
a couple kissing .
a man and a woman are embracing in a dark room .
a couple kissing and kissing .
two children are sitting on camels .
a man and a woman ride a camel in the sunlight .
two camels at the beach .
a man is playing golf .
two people are riding on a large dog .
a small child is playing with a toy toy .
a baby is crying .
a baby is crying .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man is hanging on a rock .
a man climbing a rock wall .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the air while another man jumps off the ground .
two men are jumping off of a rock .
a man in a blue shirt is attempting to catch a frisbee .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off a rock into the water .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a black t shirt are playing in the sand .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping off of a rock .
two men are helping each other .
a man is doing a jump on a snowboard .
a man jumping in the air .
an asian woman is working on a project .
a woman is talking to a group of women .
a woman with short brown hair is standing in front of a group of younger women .
a woman is giving a speech to two women .
a woman is making a speech .
a young man with long brown hair is standing in front of a group of students .
two women are listening to a speech .
two women are looking at a woman speaking .
a woman is speaking to a woman in a white shirt .
a group of women looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a woman and women are talking to each other .
a group of women are walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a bald man in a jumpsuit poses for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is making a wheelie .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person laying on a wooden rug laughing .
two children are standing next to a tree .
an old couple walking down the street .
two people walk down the street holding hands .
two people are walking down a busy street .
two people are walking together .
a man and woman are having a conversation .
two people are holding hands and walking .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a person picking up vegetables .
a dog plays in the snow .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are holding guns .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
a man taking a nap on a couch .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two children are posing for a picture .
a boy is looking at boats .
a young boy in a blue shirt is overlooking a large body of water .
a boy in a blue uniform looks over an obstacle .
a group of seagulls in the water .
a dog with its mouth open .
a boy with blond hair is standing by a fence .
a woman is holding a guitar .
two men are performing on stage .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
men playing instruments .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
two men playing instruments .
two men are sitting in a building .
a person is riding a bike .
two black dogs are running .
two dogs running in a field .
an asian woman in a white shirt is holding an umbrella .
two dogs run down a hill .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
a man playing soccer .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a man playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt is watching an accident .
a man in a white shirt is looking at van .
two girls on a ride .
two girls ride on roller coaster .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
two women sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a runner is running along the road while spectators watch from the background .
a woman in a white shirt is running down the street .
a woman running in a race .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman running down the street .
a dark haired woman wearing a green tank top is running .
a woman is jogging down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a car is parked on the ground .
a woman is working outside a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a long sleeved shirt is standing on the water .
a soccer team is standing next to each other .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a girl walks next to a wall .
a woman is testing on her cellphone .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a dog is watching the water .
two men are sitting on horses .
a man and a boy ride horses .
two men are riding a horse .
a man is shoveling snow .
three men are riding horses .
a group of men are sitting on horses .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of men are riding horses .
a group of people drinking wine at a table .
a dog runs through the grass .
a woman is holding a wine bottle .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is running in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is watching a television .
a group of teenagers waiting for something .
a man is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a person wearing a mask and a mask .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a group of people standing around a table .
a girl jumping across a lawn .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a yellow shirt is wearing a yellow shirt .
a man in a yellow shirt and black pants is standing in the street .
a teacher teaching a class .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a park .
a black and white dog leaps into the air .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
a surfer is surfing a wave .
a surfer flies over a wave .
a person swimming in the water .
a group of children are learning how to dance .
a group of students are sitting in a classroom .
a group of children in a classroom .
two children are sitting at a table .
a man with a mask on his face .
a man is holding a baseball .
a bike racer wearing a red helmet is riding a soccer field .
a cyclist rides on a trail .
a cyclist is riding a bike in the woods .
a cyclist rides through muddy mud .
a cyclist rides through mud .
a woman is walking with her bike in a race .
a woman is walking in the mud with her bike in the mud .
a bicyclist walks her bike through the mud .
a woman is standing outside of a store .
a young girl is sitting in a chair in a room .
a girl writing with a pencil .
a child is playing in the water .
a girl is drawing on paper .
a child wearing swim trunks is jumping into the water .
a boy jumping into a swimming pool .
a young boy in a blue bathing suit is playing with a ball .
a boy diving into a pool .
a man and a woman are cooking .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people in a room .
two older people in a kitchen making a meal .
a woman running in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a person is swimming in the water .
a man and a girl walk down the street .
two people are standing in front of a grill .
a woman is hanging upside down .
a person doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a child is taking a nap .
a woman is running barefoot in a race .
a gymnast performs on a bar .
a group of people are sleeping on a couch .
a small child laying on a bed .
a child sleeping on a couch .
a group of children playing in a building .
a man is painting a wall .
a snowboarder jumps off a ramp .
a lady sitting on the sidewalk with a cane .
a person is taking a picture in the air .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
a bird in the water .
a group of people holding flaming torches .
a bird is taking off the water .
three boys are walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with an electronic device .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy on a cellphone is talking on a cellphone .
a little girl is talking on a cellphone .
a young boy holding a phone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in a boat .
a group of people on a train car .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man with a hard hat is standing in front of a building .
a person swimming in a pool .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a woman at a train station .
a person swimming underwater .
two girls are standing outside of a building .
a man leads two children .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a group of children playing in the sand .
two children are playing soccer .
a toddler pulls a wagon .
a young boy and a young girl play in a park .
a baby in a red and red outfit is sitting in a wagon .
two children are in a red wagon .
a toddler is playing with a toddler .
a man with long hair and glasses is sitting on a bench .
a wagon pulling a wagon .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
children playing with a wagon .
a man playing a guitar .
three seagulls on the water .
an asian man in a white shirt and black pants is bowling .
a group of people are sailing in the ocean .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people playing in the water .
two children are sitting in a stroller .
a couple dancing in the middle of the street .
a small woman is standing in front of a store .
a little boy is playing in the snow .
a woman is smiling at the camera .
a teacher is teaching a student in a classroom .
a child sits in the snow in the snow .
a hill covered in snow .
a girl in a jacket on a sled .
a person is smiling after sliding down a hill .
a dog plays in the field .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog playing with a ball .
a dog is running in a field .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are enjoying a sunny day .
a woman and a woman are jogging down the street .
a group of people getting ready for a race .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a market .
a woman in a white shirt is hanging by her foot .
a female gymnast is performing a handstand on stage .
a girl is riding a horse .
a woman is riding a horse .
construction workers are working on railroad tracks .
a boy is doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard .
three people are standing with an umbrella .
four women are sitting on a bench .
two women sit on a bench next to an umbrella .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a young boy is riding a skateboard .
a kid is skateboarding on a ramp .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a family is eating outdoors .
a man is singing into a microphone at a show .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a stunt .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a crowd of people are sitting on a bench .
two women playing the guitar .
two construction workers standing next to a mailbox .
a group of people listening to music .
a lady looking at her cellphone in a city .
a woman looking at her cellphone .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman and a woman walk down a city street .
a lady shops in a grocery store .
two women are putting something in their hands .
a young boy in a wetsuit is standing in the ocean .
friends sitting on the floor .
two men are sitting on a bench talking to each other .
two women are having a conversation .
a dog bites a man in a white shirt .
a group of men sitting around a table .
two children are jumping on a trampoline .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
four people sitting in chairs and drinking beer .
two men in a room .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in the air .
a boy is playing baseball .
a boy is waiting to hit a tennis ball .
a boy in a red shirt is playing a sport .
a painter is sitting on a swing .
a young boy in a blue shirt kicking his leg into the air .
a young man practicing karate .
two children are practicing martial arts .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs playing with a stick .
two dogs fighting over a stick .
a little dog is biting a stick .
a black and white dog and a black dog with a stick in its mouth .
two dogs playing with a stick .
a brown dog is trying to catch a stick .
a white dog is trying to bite a stick in its mouth .
children playing in the water .
a person is jumping into the water .
a child in a blue shirt is running on a beach .
a child in a blue shirt with a catcher in the background .
a group of people are sitting in a store .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a child slides down a slide .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a person in a red jacket is standing next to a mountain .
a man is skiing down a snowy mountain .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a man is skiing down a snowy mountain .
a man skiing down a snowy hill .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two guys are walking down the street .
a group of people drinking beer .
two men are smiling .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are laughing and drinking beer .
a man is waiting for a bus ride .
a man at a bus stop .
an old man is looking at a red bus .
two men drinking beer .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue outfit is wearing a blue outfit .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a person sitting on a bench .
a group of girls in a park .
a man is working on a task .
a man is giving a tattoo .
a man in a black shirt is applying mascara .
a person in a bed with a baby in a bed .
a woman in a black shirt is getting a tattoo on a tattoo .
a group of athletes playing soccer .
a football player in blue and white .
a soccer player in a red jersey is running .
two soccer players playing soccer .
a soccer player in a white jersey is playing soccer .
soccer players competing in a soccer match .
a football player in gold is attempting to hit the ball .
three men are playing soccer .
two football teams chase after the ball .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is about to ride a bike .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on the beach in the ocean .
a girl playing a guitar .
two people are playing basketball .
a man in a white shirt is holding a box .
two people ride a merry go round .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a woman in a white t shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a group of people at a party .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a ledge .
a man stands near a body of water .
a man is standing on a cliff .
a man is looking at the sky .
a man is standing on a ledge .
a man is looking at the ocean .
a group of people are walking around a building .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a suit is playing a guitar .
a street performer working on a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is playing a guitar and singing .
an older man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man with a black t shirt and blue shorts is playing with a drum set .
a man in a green shirt is walking through a theme park .
a man is throwing garbage .
a crowd of people watch as a crowd watches .
a group of people are gathered in front of a large statue .
a crowd of people are looking at a statue .
a man in a blue shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man and a woman are sitting in a classroom .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of children are sitting on a chalkboard .
a middle aged man poses for a picture .
an older man shaving another man 's head .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at merchandise .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a man 's face .
a man shaving his face .
a guy shaving his face .
a man shaving his face .
a shirtless man is shaving his hair .
three people smiling while holding signs .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
several monks are holding up a sign .
three men and a woman are holding signs .
people holding signs .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people posing for a picture .
people standing next to signs .
three people are posing with their political signs .
three people are sitting in front of a temple .
three people pose with protest signs .
two women in costumes hold an umbrella .
two people riding bikes in the air .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people are walking on a street .
two people are walking on a sidewalk .
a couple walking on a road .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of adults pose for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl playing tennis .
a man is sitting under a man in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing the guitar on a stage .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar .
a girl is looking into a microscope .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl is looking through a telescope .
a little girl and a little girl are looking at something .
a young girl in a white shirt and blue jeans is climbing a tree .
two men are dancing on a stage .
a horse jumps off a hurdle .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl dressed as a clown is posing for a picture .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl diving into a lake .
a group of people working outside a building .
two wrestlers wrestling in a wrestling match .
two men are dancing .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a young boy jumping over a dirt trail .
a man in a jacket leans against a wooden railing .
an older man is standing next to a wheelbarrow .
people standing next to an orange bus .
a man in a bright orange jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
a man and a woman are dancing together .
a woman is giving a kiss a kiss .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is kissing a little girl .
a man in a military uniform is wearing a military uniform .
a man in a uniform is taking a kiss .
a woman in a white shirt is smiling .
two ladies sitting in chairs in chairs .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog in a field .
a man and a woman are walking together .
two young people are smiling and smiling .
a black and white dog is running through a garbage bag .
a girl in a red sweatshirt sings into a microphone .
two people talking to each other .
a group of men talking on a stage .
a man and a woman are standing on a stage .
two people are performing on stage .
two people are speaking on a stage .
a group of people performing on stage .
a group of people are holding a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is being pulled by a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is jumping into the air .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man is splashing in water .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl is playing with a red cloth .
a boy slides into a pool .
two women are holding a conversation .
the football player in the red uniform is standing in front of the crowd .
two women are sitting next to each other and looking at something on her head .
a person diving into a pool .
a person looking at a rock .
a woman is working outside a building .
a man is working on a rooftop .
a little girl is sitting at a construction site .
a woman in a blue shirt is cleaning the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy .
a child is playing in the sand .
a child is waving a large banner .
a child in a white shirt is playing with a hula hoop .
a woman in a green dress is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a boy is playing with a ribbon .
a child is playing with a ribbon .
a child playing with a ribbon .
two people sitting next to each other .
a man with a ponytail is hula hooping with a hula hoop .
a man is hula hooping .
a man is playing with a hula hoop .
a man in a green shirt hula hoops .
a man is playing with a ball .
two men in blue jackets are sitting down .
two women sitting on a bench .
two women standing next to a vegetable stand .
a woman in a white shirt is selling items from a market .
swimmers are swimming in the water .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two women selling produce for sale .
a girl is eating a meal .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a young boy is playing a guitar .
two people hang out on a sunny day .
a man is holding a cup .
a man with a mohawk pointing at the camera .
a man with a mohawk with a mohawk .
a man with a mohawk with a mohawk .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
two men are walking by a tent .
a musician playing an instrument in front of a doorway .
a large crowd of people in a room .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are playing a musical instrument .
a group of men and women sitting on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
men talking on a stage .
a boy is jumping into a swimming pool .
a young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a child is swimming in water .
a group of people are sitting next to each other .
a man is riding an atv .
a man with a hard hat is riding a vehicle .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man doing a stunt on a skateboard .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
construction workers working on a city street .
a man and a woman are cutting a piece of cake .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a girl .
a child is playing in the snow .
a man in a black jacket reaching into a blue bucket .
a man reaching into a bucket .
a man reaching into a bucket .
a man reaches into a leather jacket .
a man in a black jacket reaching into a bucket .
two dogs are lying down on the grass .
a little girl wearing a red shirt and a boy in a white shirt are standing in front of a red and white flag .
a little girl is playing with a toy toy .
a girl playing with toys .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a young girl plays with her dolls .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a person is sleeping in the bathroom .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a truck in a field .
two dogs laying on one another .
a woman is standing next to a truck .
a girl in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a yellow truck with her arms up in the air .
a class of people in a classroom .
an asian man in an orange shirt is biking in a field .
a garbage bag is coming out of a garbage bag .
a man playing the accordion .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a handstand on the ground .
an old woman is spinning on a spinning wheel wheel .
a group of people are in the water .
people are sitting on a subway platform .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people waiting for a train .
people waiting for a train station at a train station .
a crowd of people waiting for a train at a train station .
a crowd of people waiting for something .
a group of people at a train station .
a group of people wait outside a building .
a group of people are trying to cross the street .
a man snowboarding in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is paddling a boat .
two basketball players jump in a basketball game .
two young soccer players competing in a game .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
five players playing soccer .
children playing soccer .
a boy in a blue shirt is hitting a ball .
a group of people are standing in the snow .
a man in a jacket is reaching into a bucket .
a group of children are playing in the sand .
two children are walking towards the ocean .
two children running down a beach .
a group of children at the beach .
children running in a race .
two children playing in the sand .
a toddler is playing with toys .
a boy is playing in a field .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people playing soccer .
people crossing the street .
two people wearing white hats crossing a street .
two teams are playing rugby .
a man is playing soccer .
a group of young men are playing together .
three men are playing soccer .
a little girl is standing in front of a microphone .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young girl is walking down the street .
a young girl is serving a fountain in the water .
a little girl is playing in front of a fountain .
a girl in a red shirt sits next to a fountain .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
football players on a football field .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a woman is riding a bike down the street .
a woman is riding a bike .
a girl in a green shirt is riding a bicycle through traffic .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man playing the saxophone .
a man playing a saxophone .
a man in a red shirt playing a guitar .
two men are working on a project .
two men are sitting on a bench .
construction workers kneeling on the ground .
a group of men are working in a city .
construction workers on the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
construction workers are working on railroad tracks .
two men are performing martial arts .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are carrying bags .
a group of men carrying a large box .
a large group of people are carrying up a ramp .
a guy is sitting on a motorcycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a person riding a motorcycle .
a group of girls are having a good time .
two men carry a large object .
a young man is working with computers .
a girl playing soccer .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball while others watch .
a group of boys are sitting on a bench .
a little girl is chasing a sheep .
a woman is sitting in front of a table .
three women are sitting at a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a statue of a statue .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a woman is sitting in a garden .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a baby is laughing .
a group of women in a garden .
two girls are walking down the street .
three people jump into the air .
a little girl is looking at a ball .
a black and white dog stands in the snow .
construction workers clean up the sidewalk in the middle of the road .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the water .
a man fixing his bicycle .
a football player in a red and white uniform is running down the field .
a young boy is running in a race .
two boys are performing on a balance beam .
a man shaving his face .
two children are holding a rope .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game while another child watches .
three people are playing a game .
two boys are playing on a dirt course .
people playing video games .
a young couple standing in front of a building .
a child runs down the street .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a group of people at a monument .
a woman and a man are standing next to a pillar .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a boy jumps over a wall .
two men work on a road .
a child walks down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy walks down the sidewalk .
a boy walks along a ledge .
people riding bikes in the woods .
a group of people are riding bikes .
bike riders are racing .
a group of people with fruit and fruit .
a woman rides her bike on the road .
a group of bikers riding their bikes .
a man and a woman are swimming in a fountain .
two men are standing near a body of water .
a female artist with tattoos on her head .
a woman wearing a motorcycle helmet rides a motorcycle .
a woman with tattoos on her head is holding a microphone .
a woman is putting on a helmet .
a woman with tattoos on her head is holding a microphone .
a person rides a motorcycle .
a man with a tattoo on his arm .
a person wearing a black top and black pants is standing in front of a building .
a person wearing a helmet and a helmet is riding a bike .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
a person on a bmx bike .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man is standing in a room .
a man wearing a helmet riding a bike .
a man with tattoos on his head is singing into a microphone .
a family is playing in the sand .
a group of bikers are riding bikes .
a person pushing a stroller on a sidewalk .
a group of people are riding a bicycle down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a person walking down the street .
a woman and a child are taking a picture .
a man with a baby and a baby .
a person is riding a bike down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman pushing a child in a stroller .
a woman is pushing a child in a stroller in a stroller .
a woman with a stroller is holding a stroller .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a boy jumps into a pool with a man in the water .
a child jumps in the air next to a man .
an adult in a pool .
a man is eating food .
two people swimming in a pool .
a child is jumping into a swimming pool .
a boy jumping into the water .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
three people are walking on the beach .
a man in sunglasses plays the piano .
a group of people waiting for the subway .
two girls walk across the street .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
two bicyclists are working on a bike .
people waiting for a train .
people looking at the back of a bicycle .
a person working on railroad tracks .
teenagers playing video games .
a musician sings into a microphone .
a person is standing in the street .
a woman is playing an instrument .
a lady in a red shirt is walking in the street .
a woman is standing in the street .
a lady in a pink shirt is walking in the street .
a woman is standing in the street .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in an apron is cooking something .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a row of hay .
an elderly woman is standing in front of a pile of boxes .
a woman in a vest is standing in front of boxes .
a little girl in a blue shirt is looking at the camera .
a lady is smiling and smiling .
a boy is looking into a body of water .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at the airport .
a surfer rides a wave .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a blue ball .
a boy rides a bicycle past a store .
a boy skateboarding past a video store .
a boy skateboarding across the street .
a young boy is riding a skateboard .
a man is riding a vehicle in the airport .
a teenager is skateboarding .
a man riding a skateboard on a ramp .
a man is skateboarding on the street .
a group of people in a building .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are shaving in a barber 's room .
two men talking to each other .
a group of children are sitting in carts .
two women sitting on a couch .
a group of teenagers in a parade .
a man is playing a guitar at a wedding .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a couch .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting in a room .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are having a good time .
a scuba diver in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people on the deck of a boat .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are sitting in chairs next to each other in chairs .
a group of people are gathered outside a building .
three people are watching a man in a white shirt .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people on rollerskater .
a group of people are playing in a pool .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are playing soccer .
a group of people at a market .
a girl walks in front of a soccer net .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a trampoline .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are eating .
an old man holding a baby .
a group of people in a room .
people playing music on stage .
a woman is standing outside of a road .
this is a picture of a young man in a blue shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a yellow apron is holding a yellow knife .
a group of people are drinking beer .
a boy jumps off a swing set on a swing set .
two wrestlers trying to get ready to start .
a young man is reading a book .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two young girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of children standing around a table .
a group of young boys wearing red and white outfits .
a group of children are sitting at a table .
a man takes a picture of a man in a blue shirt .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a boy sits on his dad 's shoulders .
a dog is playing with a red object .
a woman puts her daughter on her shoulders .
a child in a red jacket is sitting on a woman 's shoulders .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man carrying a stick in his arms .
a small group of people are walking in a vehicle .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman carrying a little girl .
three young men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is watching a woman .
an older lady is walking past two women .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man is taking a picture .
a little girl in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young girl is standing in front of a sign .
a girl lights a candle .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a little girl in a pink shirt is walking down a hallway .
a man is walking down the street .
men and women holding signs in a crowd .
a group of fans at an event .
a group of people are walking in the grass .
a group of people are sitting at an event .
a group of people are standing on a rock .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are walking down a street .
a group of people are standing in front of a brick wall .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man in a tank top jumps off of a bridge .
a boat is sailing .
a man is reading a book .
a boat in the water .
a man in a red wetsuit is paddling a boat .
a group of men are walking together .
a young girl in a pink shirt and blue pants is sitting on a bed .
a woman putting on a nail polish .
a parade in a parade .
a boy in red pants and a red shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child is sitting alone on a bench .
a boy stands in front of a house .
a little boy in red pants is standing on the street .
a person on a scooter rides down a hill .
a group of children on tricycles .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in the mud .
a person in a yellow helmet riding a dirt bike .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a person is riding a bike .
a girl climbing a rope .
a biker is riding a bike .
a group of men having a conversation .
a man cutting fish .
a butcher is working on a butcher 's board .
a man preparing fish .
a man is preparing fish for sale .
a man is cutting fish .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is playing a guitar .
a black man is performing on the street with a bucket .
a black man in a black sweatshirt sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a black shirt and white pants plays drums on a city sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is holding two sticks while playing the drums .
a man playing drums on the sidewalk .
a man playing drums and drums .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man is playing with buckets .
a small child digging in the dirt .
a small dog runs through the grass .
two men are playing instruments .
a man is standing on the beach .
a group of men are singing at a bar .
three guys are singing into a microphone .
two men sing into microphones .
three men sing into microphones .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of ladies are sitting on computers .
a group of women working at an outdoor market .
a woman stands in front of a group of people .
two women sit at a table at a table .
a group of ladies sitting at a table .
three women are sitting in front of computers .
two women are sitting in front of computers .
a group of people are taking notes in a room .
three girls are sitting at computers .
three women are working on computers .
a group of people are talking to each other .
a group of people sitting at a desk .
a group of people are sitting at desks at computers .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
customers are having a conversation .
a man in a white shirt is using a fishing pole .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a small boy in a blue shirt is standing at a playground .
a man in a costume in a parade .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man wearing a mask is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is laughing at a book .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a choir is being watched by people .
a woman is getting a haircut .
a child dressed in a costume is standing in a parade .
a man is giving a speech .
a girl in a white shirt is standing next to two men wearing white shirts .
two men , one wearing a red shirt and the other wearing a red shirt , are playing in a parade .
a woman is watching a street performer .
two men are jumping in the air next to a woman in a blue shirt .
a group of people watching an event .
a group of people on a boardwalk .
police officers on the beach .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
three police officers looking at a crowd on the boardwalk .
a couple is walking down a street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of policemen are watching a boardwalk .
a bus with people walking on the sidewalk .
police officers are walking on a beach .
a man is eating food while talking to a woman .
a man is standing in front of a construction truck .
two guys playing basketball .
an african american man is performing a trick with a stick .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in a field .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a fire .
a person is riding a bike .
two women walking down the street .
a man with long hair playing the drums .
a market with many people in the background .
two women are sitting on a large piece of art .
a man is playing the drums .
a man in a white shirt is hitting the drums .
two women are sitting on a wall .
mother and child walking in a park .
two women are having fun .
a child in a blue shirt is sleeping in a bed .
a cook cooking in a restaurant .
a little girl is standing next to a tree .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a child in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
a girl in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
two nurses looking at a book .
four men waiting with their wares on display .
a woman is looking at something .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman is using a fishing net .
a woman in a white shirt is using a pair of rocks .
a girl is playing with a bucket .
a group of people in a field .
people walking down a street .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a man holding a yellow flag and walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is playing a violin .
a child is dancing on a sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans dances on a stage .
a young man in a blue shirt is dancing .
a group of people in a room .
a man in a white shirt is working on a large tree .
a man in an orange vest is showing off a picture of a building .
a man in a white shirt is demonstrating something .
four guys posing for a picture .
four children pose for a picture .
two children splash in the water .
a group of people in the water .
a group of friends are walking down the street .
people playing in the water .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a man in front of a crowd of people .
a man holding a flag in the street .
a man in a red and blue uniform is holding a red flag .
a man is holding a flag on the street .
a man holding a flag in the middle of the street .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a football .
a person is holding a flag .
a man in an orange shirt jumps from a motorcycle .
a group of people on motorcycles .
a man is riding a motorcycle in an accident .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a group of people are riding motorcycles .
a man wearing a helmet and a helmet is riding his motorcycle on a dirt track .
a man in a helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a group of people competing in a race .
a boy is fishing .
a group of men are sitting on a boat .
a child on a bridge .
a boy in a kilt holding a large stick .
a young man in a uniform is holding a long stick .
a bald man is holding a stick .
a man is holding a stick .
a bald man playing with a dog .
a brown dog jumping in the air .
a man holding a stick .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a stick .
a dog runs through the water .
a man playing with a dog .
a girl in a bathing suit is jumping into the water .
a young girl is holding a broom .
a woman looking through a mirror .
a young girl is cleaning the floor .
a child is sitting on a car .
a child is sitting on a car .
a child sits on the hood of a car .
a group of people gathered around a blue car .
a young girl is cleaning the floor .
a small child on top of a car .
two cyclists competing in a race .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black dog and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in
a small girl in a purple jacket is holding a purple jacket .
a cyclist leads a race in a race .
a cyclist in a red helmet pulls a bicycle .
a person jumps through the air .
two dogs are playing in the sand .
a woman climbing a scaffold .
an artist is hanging upside down on the ground .
a girl in a white dress hangs off a rock wall .
two girls climbing up a stone wall .
a man is painting a picture .
a woman in blue pants and a blue shirt is walking down a street .
a group of people are having a conversation .
a woman riding a horse in a rodeo .
two women are working together .
a man in a cowboy hat is riding a horse in a competition .
a rider riding a horse .
a child is sitting at a large piano .
a woman reading a book in a park .
people laughing and laughing .
people walking down a street .
a man is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt walks down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is reaching up to the ground .
two women , one wearing a black tank top and the other wearing a black tank top , the other wearing a black shirt
two women , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
two women dressed in black are walking down the street .
two women in front of a black backdrop .
two women in front of a mirror .
two dancers dancing on stage .
a band performs on stage .
two women are performing on stage .
a group of women in a room .
two girls are performing on stage .
two women are dancing .
two women are dancing .
two women dancing on a platform .
a snowboarder performs a trick in midair .
a man is performing tricks on a snowboard .
a snowboarder performs a trick .
five people doing a jump in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a board .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man with red hair and a black shirt is looking at a mirror .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child laying next to a slide .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a window .
a woman in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a bike flies through the air in a field .
a child rides a bike in a field .
a young girl is working on a project .
two people are flying kites .
a woman in a kitchen is holding an umbrella .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a person walking down an alley .
a man reading a book .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two dogs chasing each other .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a dog runs through an obstacle course .
a black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs on a course .
a black and white dog is jumping over hurdles .
a dog runs through an obstacle course .
a dog is running through the snow .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
four people standing in front of a ticket booth .
four people are standing in a line .
a dog is taking a picture .
four people are waiting in a line .
a person walking down the street carrying a stick .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard on a skateboard .
a man and a dog are crossing the street .
a man is smiling and smiling .
two men sitting on a bench .
a man is looking at something in the distance .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are riding a donkey .
a man is walking along a dirt road .
a man is walking a donkey .
a person is walking in front of a wheelbarrow .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a blond woman smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a black and white dog is playing with a brown dog .
a person walking across a bridge .
a basketball player in a red shirt is playing with a ball .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a boy on a swing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are playing baseball in a park .
a little girl swinging in a swing .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a mountain biker in a forest .
a woman in an orange shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a lady and a girl are sitting in a tree .
a mother plays with her child .
a man is climbing a tree .
a woman sitting on a tree bench .
a woman and child are looking at the ground .
two people are sitting under a tree .
two people are sitting in a tree .
people sitting in a tree .
a group of people are playing outside .
a man is sitting down and reading a book .
a man is bowling .
a group of people playing a game on a field .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is playing with a frisbee .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a boat .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is working near a pond .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
an african american man in an orange shirt is walking down the street .
a young child is enjoying a drink at a supermarket .
two children are playing in the snow .
a woman is holding up a camera .
a young boy in a blue shirt is drinking chocolate milk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is drinking coffee .
a little boy in a blue shirt is drinking out of a juice cup .
a young boy in a blue shirt is drinking coffee .
a young boy in a blue shirt is drinking chocolate juice .
a woman is reading a book .
a man in a black shirt is showing off a group of people .
four children riding a four wheeler in the middle of a country .
a group of children are having fun .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two children are playing in the sand .
a group of children are playing outside .
a bride is throwing flowers .
a person is holding a cane while holding a cane .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
an older man with a cane walks down the street .
a person standing in the street with a cane .
an elderly person stands in the middle of a street with a cane .
a bride in a white dress is standing in front of a wedding .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two girls are playing in the water .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down a city street .
a man walks past a store .
a man in a blue shirt is wearing a blue shirt .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children playing a game of checkers at a target .
a man sitting in a barber shop .
a group of children playing in a field .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
an old man in a jumpsuit is working on a motorcycle .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man is sweeping the floor of a house .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
two people are silhouetted against a lake .
a man is holding a broom .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture of a man .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is painting a picture of a building outside of a building .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a man is painting a picture of a building .
two children are playing in the water .
a woman is playing a musical instrument .
a girl in a pink shirt is running in a field .
a dog is running through the sand .
a child is running in the grass .
a ballet dancer is doing a handstand on stage .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a child runs through the grass .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a surfer surfs on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a surfer is surfing on a wave .
two people are lying on a couch .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a white box is attached to a pole .
a lady working at a sewing machine .
a man doing tricks on stage in front of a building .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a young child holds hands in a hospital room .
a boy does tricks on a skateboard .
a man wearing a helmet and helmet is riding a bicycle .
a young man is looking at graffiti on a wall .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
two dogs running in a field .
a baseball player jumps for the ball .
a person is sitting on a bench in front of a house .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a tomato .
four people are dancing .
a man on a mountain climbing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a restaurant .
a man skis down a snowy mountain .
a waterskier in the air .
an old man is biking through a park .
two people walk down the street .
two friends hold hands in town .
a man is sitting on a plane .
two friends are running .
people running on the sidewalk .
two women walking down the street .
two women walk down the sidewalk .
two women are running .
two women walking down the street .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a man and a woman are waiting for a train .
a group of people are working on an orange umbrella .
a man is walking down the street .
several people are balancing on metal beams .
a black and white dog with a harness on it .
children working on a project .
a worker working on a construction site .
people sitting on a bench .
a bicyclist rides in front of an audience .
a bicyclist is riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a truck .
a deer is riding a horse .
two people are working on a roof .
two people are competing in a race .
a group of people are competing in a race .
two people are competing in a gym .
a dog jumps over an obstacle .
a security guard in a white shirt is sitting on an elephant .
a little girl in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a rock .
a group of soccer players are playing soccer .
a woman sitting next to a pool .
a girl in a black and white bikini is jumping in the air .
a woman is preparing food .
people eating at a chinese restaurant .
a man is showing a group of people .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a man playing the drums .
a boy listening to music .
a man playing tennis .
a teenage boy wearing red shorts and a gray tank top is standing in front of a wall .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
kids throwing rocks into the water .
a man is playing basketball .
a girl in a red shirt playing tennis .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy in a red shirt is playing soccer .
four people walk past a cafe .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a boy is standing outside of a fountain .
a person in a red shirt is walking down the street .
four boys playing in a field .
a boy is looking at a water fountain .
two boys are helping each other .
four people are working on the ground .
a group of young boys are inspecting their horses .
two men are working on a construction project .
a basketball player in a blue shirt is waiting for the ball .
a man in a white shirt is waiting for the ball to his opponent .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts is bowling .
a man is playing a game of ping pong .
an asian woman is waiting for a tennis ball .
two men are climbing up a rock .
two men climbing a rock wall .
a group of people are climbing up a rock .
a group of men rock climbing .
a group of people are climbing up stairs .
two men hanging on a cliff .
a man is standing next to a pond .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a person in a red jacket is walking through the snow .
a group of women at a party .
a group of people are working on a project .
an athlete is looking at something .
people standing near rocks .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are performing a pose .
a large group of people are digging a hole .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man playing a guitar .
a dog on a baseball field .
a man is talking to another man .
a group of dogs are playing on the beach .
two dogs running on a field .
two dogs run through the grass .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog jumps in the air .
a black and white dog jumping up in the air .
a man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking down a street .
an older person standing in front of a counter .
a person is playing with a ball .
a dog jumps in the air .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a crowd of people are gathered in front of a crowd .
two people riding bikes in the woods .
people are walking down a city street .
two people talking to each other .
a man pushing a cart on a sidewalk .
two women are standing next to each other .
people are walking through town at night .
a fire with a fire in the background .
a man is sitting on the floor on the floor .
a police officer is riding a bike on a dirt road .
a man with a baseball cap and a baseball cap on a baseball field .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are standing in front of a banner .
four men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of fans are marching down the street .
a group of people are standing together .
a group of people are walking down a street .
four people in white shirts are standing in front of a wall .
four people are walking down a street .
four people dressed in sports uniforms are dressed in sports uniforms .
men standing on a stage .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person with a bag on his head .
three people are standing on stage playing instruments .
five people in a river .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman wearing boots and boots is walking down the street .
a man rides a bicycle in front of a construction site .
a group of people jumping in the air .
two men are walking past buildings .
a man is holding a toy in his hand .
kids jumping into the air .
a man is riding a bike on a dirt road .
a woman in a white shirt is buying ice cream .
a woman pushing a cart down the street .
two men sit outside of a building .
two people sitting on a bench .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
two men sitting on a bench next to a billboard .
a billboard of a billboard .
a cart filled with eggs .
a man in a blue bathing suit is looking at the water .
two farmers are taking a break .
a woman is sitting on the ground .
a group of people are gathered around a fence .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a skater in a blue shirt is getting his arms .
a girl in a pink shirt is using her shoes .
a woman is using a towel on a towel .
a woman is holding a piece of glass .
a woman is cleaning her foot .
a person washing her face .
a person washing her hands in a sink .
two scuba divers washing their hands .
a person washing her hands .
a person washing her hands .
two boys are on a carnival mat .
a boy in a white shirt is dancing in a building .
two construction workers are smoking a cigarette .
two men in blue shirts talking to each other .
a man standing with his eyes closed .
two girls are talking .
two young women having a conversation .
two women are sitting on a bench talking .
a group of people in a public place .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
a man smokes a cigarette .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
two women , one wearing a white shirt and the other wearing a white shirt , are sitting on the sidewalk .
two women are sitting on a bench .
two women wearing white and white outfits are standing in a crowd .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
two men are smoking a cigarette .
men and women walking down a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people sitting at a coffee shop .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a large group of people are walking down the street .
five men are working on a mountain bike .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a black jacket are standing on the street .
a soldier walking down the street .
people working on the street .
a man in a hard hat is working on a project .
a group of people are gathered on the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a lake .
a child jumps off a pier .
a boy is about to jump into the water .
a boy in a swimsuit jumping into a lake .
a boy jumps into a lake .
a man on a subway train .
a man is riding a subway .
a man leans over a public bus .
a man is riding a bus .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is reading a newspaper on a subway .
a person in a blue shirt is taking a flip from a shoe .
a person is standing next to a pole .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman in a studio .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a girl playing with toys .
a man is lying down on the ground .
a woman is playing with a doll .
a child looking out of a window .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a skier is going down a snowy slope .
a skier is walking down a snowy cliff .
a skier skiing down a slope .
a man skis down a snowy slope .
a person walking in the snow .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a boy is putting his shoes on .
a man throwing a football .
a skateboarder is jumping in the air .
a person is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a skateboarder in the air .
a man with a large mustache is holding a large saw .
a person carrying a sack in the water .
two people are playing on a rug .
a little boy is playing with a toy .
a brown dog and a brown dog are in the grass .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a young child in a blue shirt is opening a rifle .
a group of african american children wearing matching uniforms .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a child in a swimming pool .
a person is splashing through water .
a little girl is swimming in the water .
several women are working on a project .
several women are gathered around a table .
several women working on computers .
a group of people working on a project .
a group of women in a classroom .
a group of people are walking in the street .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are trying to pull a piece of paper .
people playing soccer .
a person in a blue shirt and blue jeans is jumping over a log .
a group of people are playing soccer .
an older man in a white shirt plays with a suitcase .
a group of soccer players in white shirts are playing soccer .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a black and white dog carries a rubber duck .
a dog plays in the snow .
a black and white dog is running through a yard .
a dog with a toy in its mouth .
a black and white dog runs through the yard .
a dog runs through a yard .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a black and white dog is playing in the snow .
a dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a young boy is playing in the yard .
a female gymnast is doing a flip in the air .
a gymnast does a flip in midair .
a boy is doing a jump in the air .
a man doing a wheelie on a balance beam .
an athlete in a red and white uniform is leaping into the air .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of men are standing on a rock .
a brown dog is playing in the water .
three couples are standing on the street .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog runs after a ball .
a dog tries to catch a frisbee .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs are running through a grassy field .
two dogs running in a field .
a group of people shopping .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
an older man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a group of people pose for a picture .
a group of children play in a field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman looking out of a walkway .
a tall building looking out the window .
a black dog running in the snow carrying a stick in its mouth .
a black dog is running through the snow .
chefs are cooking at a restaurant .
a young girl in a pink shirt is spinning her hair .
a young man in a blue shirt plays a horn .
three people walking down the street .
a boy grilling hotdogs on a grill .
a black and white dog bites her finger .
men waiting in a vehicle .
two children in a parade .
a black and white dog is standing next to a black dog .
a dog is chewing on a butterfly .
a group of men are preparing for something .
a man climbing a staircase .
a man climbing an escalator .
two girls talking to each other .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on steps .
a kid in a blue shirt and blue jeans is running with a toy .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a black and white dog jumping over a hurdle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog runs through the snow .
people on a bridge .
a black and white dog is jumping over a pole .
two men are standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is hanging by a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt hangs off a tower .
a man in a blue life vest is sitting on a rock .
a man in a white shirt holding a rope .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a motocross rider is doing a trick in front of a ramp .
a young person does a skateboard trick on a ramp .
a skateboarder does a trick in the park .
people on a snowy mountain .
a man painting a picture .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a person is painting a picture .
an artist is standing in front of a painting of graffiti .
a brown dog and a black and white dog are standing in the grass .
a man is working on his artwork .
a person is hanging from a high tower from a high tower .
a woman carrying a bag is walking through a building .
a man in a red shirt is skating on a ramp .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
four people are playing instruments .
a woman is playing an instrument .
people watching hot air balloons .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a pillar .
two children are playing tug of war .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bicycle .
two players are playing soccer .
a group of people are walking down the street .
six people are walking down the street .
a group of people are taking a break .
a group of children having a conversation .
a group of friends gather for a lake .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a young child is playing doctor .
a dancer is looking at a crowd of people .
two small children are sitting on a bench in a park .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of men are standing in a park in front of a crowd .
a group of elderly people are gathered around a circle .
a young girl poses for a picture .
a girl is holding a bouquet of flowers .
several people gathered in a public place .
the little girl is smiling .
a family is sitting on the side of a bench .
a man is standing on a podium .
a man in a white shirt is standing at a market .
a young man in a white shirt is at a rodeo fight .
a boy in a blue shirt is falling into the air .
a man chasing a sheep with a child .
a child is trying to tackle a bull .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling a snowball .
a little girl in a bathing suit is standing in a pool .
two men are talking to a sculpture of a sculpture .
a person wearing a pink hat and pink swimsuit is bathing .
a little girl in a pink swimsuit lays on the beach .
a person laying down in front of a large body of water .
a group of people are watching something .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a hiker is resting on a rock .
a man in shorts and a tank top and jeans is laying on a rock overlooking the desert .
a man in a black shirt is standing in the desert .
a hiker walks through the desert .
a hiker walks through the desert .
two older men are at the beach .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are jumping in the air .
a group of people on a beach .
two older men are sitting on the beach on the beach .
a person is riding a bike .
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike .
a woman rides a bike .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people at a cricket game .
two people playing soccer on a field .
two guys playing cricket in front of a crowd .
a group of men are standing on a football field .
two men playing basketball on a field .
a woman is holding a child .
two boys are standing outside of a tent .
a boy in a white tank top and a woman in a white tank top are standing in a dark room .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
two boys play in a ditch .
children are playing in a ditch .
people at an art exhibit .
a group of people in a museum .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
people at an art museum .
a woman carrying a stick .
a woman is preparing food .
a young woman is putting on a table .
a woman with a shopping cart on the street .
a man is playing with his dog .
a man is playing with a dog .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person playing with a black dog .
construction workers working on a construction project .
a person is standing on the ground .
a female gymnast wearing a red leotard is performing gymnastics .
a gymnast in a red leotard is doing gymnastics .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a female gymnast wearing a red leotard is stretching in the air .
a female gymnast is performing on stage .
a woman does gymnastics on a balance beam .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table .
two young men , one wearing an orange shirt and the other wearing an orange shirt , are standing near a large pile of bricks .
an old man is sitting at a grocery store .
a man in a green shirt is making a balloon .
workers working in a building .
a group of protesters in a church .
an old man is working on a truck .
a young girl in a pink shirt is standing next to a girl .
a dog is running through the grass .
a woman is standing next to a bicycle .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man and a man are looking at a truck .
a man is standing on top of a truck looking down .
a man is looking at a truck .
a man stands in the back of a truck .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a brown haired girl with long brown hair , wearing a white shirt and black pants , is holding a white ribbon .
a young girl in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a young girl with colorful hair is sitting in a chair .
a young girl wearing a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
five dogs racing in the grass .
a little boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing next to a young girl .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a child in a white shirt is swinging on a patient .
two dogs racing in a race .
two dogs run on a track .
a boy in a blue shirt is carrying a flag .
a man is standing behind a microphone playing his guitar .
a group of people are walking through the street .
a man is looking at a man in a white shirt .
two children are sitting in a circle on the ground .
a group of people at an airport .
a woman in blue jeans and a blue shirt is standing next to a stone structure .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people in an airport .
a girl is talking on her cellphone .
a group of people are looking at something in the distance .
a girl talks on her cellphone .
a girl is talking on her cellphone .
a group of people are looking at motorcycles .
a group of people are standing around on a wall .
four women are sitting on a bench .
a group of women and women dressed in costumes are dancing .
four firefighters wearing orange and white jerseys and white and white jerseys .
a group of seagulls are in front of a crowd .
four men , one wearing a blue uniform and the other wearing a blue uniform , are standing in a circle .
a man with an axe is looking at an axe .
a team of men in red life jackets are paddling a kayak .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is chopping wood outdoors .
a man in a white shirt is preparing for something .
two men are selling tomatoes on a street .
a man walks through a forest .
a boy jumping in the air .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a boy swings on a tire swing .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are dancing .
a woman is climbing on rocks .
a woman in a red top is climbing a wall .
a woman in a blue shirt is climbing a rock .
a blond and white dog is climbing up a rock .
a rock band performs on stage .
a rock band plays on a rock .
a child on a swing .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a young child in a blue shirt is kneeling on a rock .
a boy swings on a tire swing .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt cutting something .
a man is cutting meat .
a man is cutting meat .
a man is cutting meat .
a man is cutting meat .
a man cutting meat in a kitchen .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man in a white shirt is cutting a knife .
a man is pointing at his face .
a man in a black shirt is using a microphone .
a man is cutting wood .
a man is holding his hand up to his face .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is cutting wood .
a man in a white shirt is picking up a piece of paper .
a man with his hand on his face is holding his hand .
a dog runs in a field .
a toddler wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is holding a toddler .
a child is looking out of a brick building behind a fence .
a toddler with red shorts and a blue shirt is standing in front of a white fence .
a baby in a blue jacket is standing in a parking lot .
a toddler is looking out of a fence .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a large billboard of a billboard .
a baby wearing a yellow jacket is holding a baby .
a child in a blue shirt is trying to catch something .
a boy is holding a railing .
a boy is holding a railing .
a child is sitting on a wall in front of a wall .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a group of people walk past a high structure .
a man in jeans is walking in front of an advertisement .
people walking by a poster .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a blond woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
three young adults sitting at a table eating .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
a man and a woman at a festival .
two guys jumping into the air in the air .
a dog carries a stick in the water .
a man with no shirt on is looking at the camera .
a small dog plays in the grass .
a group of people in a room .
a runner in a white shirt is running a marathon .
a group of people are gathered around a house .
a man running in a race .
a man running in a race .
a man with glasses is running through traffic .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people walking down the street .
a black dog with a stick in his mouth .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a black dog jumping into the water .
a black and white dog sniffs the water .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
a group of people in a building .
a man is working on a project on a project .
a man is working on a project .
a worker in a hard hat is working on something .
four basketball players playing basketball .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a basketball player holding a basketball .
a man is trying to block a basketball .
people playing soccer .
a group of people are sitting on a patio .
a young boy in a red and white striped shirt and white striped shirt is sitting in a red chair .
a group of middle aged men playing a game of musical instruments .
a woman with a long white dress and hat is holding up a large white dress .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
four people are sitting in a circle .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
four people are sitting at a table at a table .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a group of people are taking a break .
two women are working in a kitchen .
a girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
an old man smoking a cigarette .
an older gentleman in a white shirt is using a cigarette while sitting on a bench .
a construction worker in a white shirt and blue jeans is talking on a cellphone .
a young boy is sitting on the ground .
a man in shorts and a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a child in shorts and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench with a plate of food .
a young boy is pushing his lunch cart .
a young boy in a blue shirt is pushing fruit .
a child is looking at a camera .
a child carrying a bag of vegetables .
a woman in a red shirt is working in a red basket .
a man in a jacket is smoking a cigarette .
three women are standing in a vehicle .
a man working on a machine .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a worker working on a machine .
a man is holding up a plastic container .
a man in a blue cloth is holding a blue cloth .
a man in a blue sweater is holding a blue bag .
a man in a white shirt is cleaning the ground .
a woman and a woman pose on the street .
a man is working on a project .
a man and a woman are playing jena .
a man in a blue shirt is camping in a park .
a police officer rides a motorcycle .
two children are swimming in a park .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a little girl in a white shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a man and a woman are playing a video game .
a girl in a bikini is jumping into a pool .
a girl in a blue bikini holding a sign .
a woman in a bathing suit is standing in a pool .
a girl brushing her teeth .
a dog jumps in the air .
two men are sitting on a wooden floor , one of them is sitting on a wooden floor .
people playing chess in a public area .
four men and a woman are playing chess in a room .
four guys are sitting at a table in a classroom .
two men are playing chess at a table while another boy watches .
four people are looking at art .
two girls are looking at a pony .
a brown dog jumping in the air .
a girl brushing her teeth .
three people are sitting on a bench .
an asian woman in an orange shirt is doing a cartwheel .
a girl is looking through a telescope on a bike .
a woman in a white shirt is riding a bicycle .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a small boy playing a video game .
a woman is watching something .
an elderly lady is pushing a stroller .
an elderly woman in an amusement park ride with a stroller .
an older woman is sitting at an amusement park .
a woman is taking a nap .
a group of people at an amusement park .
a man in a chef 's apron is cooking .
a girl is pushing her bike in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a man is working on a grill .
a group of performers perform on stage .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of dancers are dancing under lights .
a group of dancers are holding hands .
a boy in a blue shirt with his eyes closed .
a man smiles at the camera .
a child is playing a game of monopoly .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing on the beach .
three children are playing in the water .
two girls are having a conversation .
a man is working on a project .
a man doing work on a roof .
a man is standing next to a house .
a man is working on a project .
a man is standing in front of a house .
a guy is fixing his home .
a man repairing a building .
construction worker doing construction work .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of people sitting in a vehicle .
three men and a woman are sitting in a truck .
three people are sitting in an elephant looking through directions .
three people in a vehicle .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
people standing near a tree .
a bird flies into the water .
a black dog running through the snow .
a child is playing with a toy .
a man jumping on a trampoline .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a baby is playing in the grass .
a young boy is playing with a toy toy .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy is playing with a toy toy .
three guys in a hockey match .
a young man in a blue shirt is dancing .
a guy skateboarding on a park bench .
a teenager is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a man doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a lady in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a little girl is trying to get something from her purse .
a girl in a blue hat is standing in front of a store .
a woman in a red coat is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is doing a back flip .
a group of people walking in a field .
a boat in the water .
a group of people are kayaking in a river .
a man is performing on stage .
people walking on the sidewalk .
a man wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man reading a book .
a man in a green coat reads a book .
a man in a green coat is wearing a green coat .
a man wearing glasses and a green shirt is looking at a book .
a man is reading a book .
a man reading a book .
a man giving a lecture .
a man and a woman are taking a picture .
a person running in a race .
a man is getting ready to throw a peace sign .
a man is running in a race .
a man running along a marathon .
a man competing in a race .
a skateboarder skates down a ramp .
a woman is taking a picture of her friend .
a construction worker is sitting on the ground next to a construction site .
a group of people riding bikes .
a little girl is playing in the grass .
a biker rides down a tree lined street .
two people are taking a break from their job .
a motorcycle rider is driving on a dirt path .
a young man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
three people are cooking outdoors outside .
a group of people are looking at the camera .
several people are sitting around a table in a dark room .
a group of asian people are celebrating .
a person in a red shirt is raising his arms .
a child in a white shirt is singing .
a man and a woman pose for a picture on the street .
a baby is running down the street .
a baby is crying next to a toy .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a beach with trees in the background .
a young man is standing with several other people .
a young child is crying .
a toddler is crying .
a baby is crying .
a toddler in blue is crying .
a toddler is playing with a toy toy .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a boy swings a baseball bat .
four people enjoying the water .
a young boy runs in a field .
a dog walks through the snow .
a man is pulling a man out of a street .
a man is walking on the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is running towards the camera .
a group of people on a busy street .
a man is being held by another person .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman in a white dress is pulling a arm on the ground .
a woman in a maroon dress is helping another man in a maroon shirt .
a man in a maroon shirt and a woman in a maroon shirt and a woman in a maroon shirt are standing in front of a building .
a person wearing a black shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a dog walks on the snow .
a person doing tricks on a bike .
a black and white dog is walking in front of trees .
a tan dog is running through the snow .
a man in a black sweater is cooking food in a kitchen .
two men are standing outside of a building .
three men with backpacks in the background .
a man standing with his back to the camera .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a man and a man are writing in a notebook .
a gray haired man is sitting on a computer .
a man is sitting on a computer .
a dark haired man shows a gray haired man 's hair .
a man is drawing a picture of another man .
a man is showing another man 's hair .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a man in a striped shirt is taking pictures of a man in a striped shirt .
a group of people playing basketball .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a group of people enjoying a sunny day .
a man sitting at a table at a table .
a man sitting at a table with a fishing pole .
a man sitting at a table at a table .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting at a table .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting at a table with food .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a man is sitting at a table with drinks .
a man is eating a meal at a table .
a man sitting at a table with food .
a man in a red sweater is eating .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is looking at a drink .
a group of people waiting by a booth .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
people shopping at a market .
a woman and a man sit on a bench .
a restaurant in front of a restaurant .
a woman is holding a book .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man is walking on the beach with a dog .
four people are riding an escalator .
people on an escalator .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a green shirt is laying on the grass .
a group of people playing in the snow .
two men fighting .
a priest looks at the camera .
two women are looking at their laptops .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
a boy doing tricks on his bike .
a person is jumping in the air on a bike .
a person is painting a portrait .
a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt holding a sword .
children playing in the water .
a young boy practicing ice skating .
a black man in a black shirt is looking at merchandise .
two young women are sitting on a bench .
two men playing a game of basketball .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of men are playing in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is helping a young boy in a boat .
a woman in a black jacket is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two dogs are standing next to each other .
a woman looking at her cellphone .
a woman taking a picture on a large cellphone .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman is talking on a cellphone on a busy street .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
two guys are in the middle of a field .
two football players , one wearing a blue jersey and the other in blue , are playing soccer .
a person running in a race .
a man and a woman are competing in a competition .
a football player in a red uniform is running .
two people are standing on a field .
a football player in a red uniform is playing football .
two football players playing a game .
two men are playing soccer .
a man sitting in a chair with a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a pole .
a man is sitting on a chair with a red jacket over his head .
a man sits next to a microphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a man dressed in black is standing in front of a microphone .
a man reading a paper .
a man is holding a guitar .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men having a conversation .
two men having a conversation .
two chefs are standing outside of a building .
a person in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a man looking into a video camera .
a plane in an airport .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are getting ready for a soccer ball .
a group of people are getting ready for a soccer ball .
a person is looking at something .
a man walking down the street .
an african american soldier is standing on the street .
a crowded street with many people .
a man in a living room with a baby .
a woman in a white dress is standing in a crowd .
a group of men are sitting at a table .
a young boy is playing with his brother .
a mother is playing with her sunglasses .
a woman wearing sunglasses and a woman in a black shirt are watching a woman in a blue shirt .
a woman and a child are sitting on a bench .
a man is cutting fish .
a group of men are playing in a pool .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a fish stand .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is working with a wire .
a band performs on stage .
a group of performers perform on stage .
a person wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a group of people standing around a table .
a blond child looking at a toy .
three children are playing in the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is holding an umbrella while running .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a group of people gather in a theater .
a teacher helping a student in a classroom .
a boy and a man are working together .
a young boy in a blue shirt is kneeling on the ground with a hammer .
a runner in yellow shorts is making a hand face .
a man in jeans sleeps in a chair .
kids playing in the grass .
a boy looking at a robot .
a young man sleeps in front of a blue door .
a guy sleeping in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two young girls are laughing .
two people pose near a fence .
a group of children in jeans standing on a sidewalk .
a woman and a man in a park .
two girls laughing .
two boys are jumping on a trampoline .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two teenage boys in black swim trunks play soccer .
a young boy in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in front of a building .
a boy is holding onto a pole .
a man sitting on a bench .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting in front of a fountain .
a person sitting in front of a body of water .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of soccer players enjoying the day .
two men are having a conversation .
two football players are resting on the ground .
a group of players are playing soccer .
a group of men are hanging around in a small area .
people are cooking in a kitchen .
a person is riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a skateboard .
a man standing outside of a building .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the middle of a street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of children smiling .
two men are sitting in a boat .
a man with a gray hat fishing .
a person is fishing in the water .
two men sit in a boat fishing .
a baby is holding a baby .
a man drinking a drink with a drink .
a man with long hair and a long sleeved shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man wearing glasses is sitting on a bench .
a man with long brown hair and sunglasses is drinking beer .
people in a kitchen .
a man is sitting on grass .
a group of people are marching down the road .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are
a woman wearing sunglasses is standing next to a sign .
a black dog running through the snow .
a man is sitting on a boat .
two men are standing in front of a building .
two men are standing on the deck of a boat .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing on a green boat .
two men are sitting on a boat .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is jumping in the air .
a person walking by the ocean .
a woman is about to hit a woman in a white shirt .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a woman walks along the beach with a large wave .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a parade in a parade .
a group of men in red pants are standing on a red wall .
a group of people are holding hands .
a group of people are holding fireworks .
a group of people in colorful dress carrying bright hands .
a group of people are standing on the end of a bridge .
a group of people are holding fireworks .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of men are playing with fireworks .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting on the floor .
a man in a black jacket and a man in a black jacket are standing in front of a building .
two guys are holding a piece of paper .
two men , one wearing a black jacket and one in a black jacket , are standing on a sidewalk .
a father and son are sitting on a bench .
two men are preparing a meal .
two men are sitting on the floor .
two men clean out of a box .
two men are standing in front of a store .
two men are looking through a marketplace .
two men are working together .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt work on the sidewalk .
a girl looks out from a blue wall .
a young person is using a nail .
a man is using a hammer to hammer a project .
a boy working with a hammer .
a man is drilling a piece of wood .
five men are working on a computer .
a man is kneeling on the ground with a cane .
a man is holding a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a girl in a blue shirt is looking behind a wall .
a protester is lying on the ground .
a man in a red shirt is sitting in a red chair .
a child is standing by a wall .
a group of people in a parade .
a woman looking at produce .
a dog and a woman are running .
a young girl in a pink dress is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a plane holding a child .
a man grilling meat on a grill .
a man is preparing food .
a person is cooking in the kitchen .
an older man is standing in front of a mcdonald 's restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man rides his bike down the street .
a man is painting a picture .
a man painting a portrait .
a man is showing a picture of a man .
a man is painting a picture .
a man is painting a picture .
a group of people are having a good time .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
two people are taking pictures .
a large group of shoppers at a market .
a man is watching a german shepherd .
a dog jumps in the air .
a little girl is pushing her shoes .
two children stand next to a garbage machine .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting in front of books .
an elderly man is taking a picture .
two boys are standing in front of a large pile of trash .
two boys are standing outside of a building .
two boys are standing outside of a pile of garbage .
two young boys are standing in front of trees .
two boys are standing outside of a building .
a group of children are looking at a ditch .
two boys standing on a pile of rocks .
two young boys are playing soccer .
people jogging in a marathon .
a football player wearing a blue jersey and blue shorts is kicking a football .
a football player in a blue jersey is attempting to tackle the ball .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a boy holding a basketball .
a young man is watching a food stand .
a boy in a blue shirt is kicking a ball .
boys playing basketball on a basketball court .
a man and a woman are dancing on a street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
an older man in an orange shirt is standing at the intersection .
an elderly man sleeps on his bicycle .
a person is waiting on his bike .
a man in a gray shirt is riding a bike .
a man stands next to a wall .
a man with brown hair and a brown shirt is holding a brown shirt .
a child is standing outside of a building .
a man is standing in front of a wall .
people looking over a wall .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are working on a train .
a group of people looking at something .
a man playing the drums .
two football players are running .
two football players competing in a football game .
two football players playing football .
two football players are running .
two players playing basketball .
a man wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a drummer is playing the drums .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are inside a building .
a group of people in a building .
three people looking out the window of a building .
a group of people are looking at the sky .
a group of people in a building .
a man is standing on a city sidewalk selling various animals .
a person is looking into a display case .
a group of people in a store .
an older person is watching something .
a man stands at a food stand .
a conductor and child standing in a train .
a man reading a newspaper outdoors .
a group of people at an outdoor market .
a man is listening to music .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a young boy jumps in the air .
a man playing a drum .
two children play in the mud .
a little boy floating in a pool .
a child playing in a pool .
a child swimming in a pool .
a man in a black shirt is standing in the street .
a woman and her son are walking down the street .
a woman and her son are on horses .
two horses are riding horses .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a woman and her son are riding a horse .
a group of people on horses .
a woman and a child walk in the woods .
a group of people are walking towards each other .
a woman and a child walk down the sidewalk .
a woman and a child walk towards a crowd .
a woman and a child are walking down the street .
two people are walking towards two people .
a woman and a child walk down a path .
a woman and a child walk towards a woman on a horse .
two people are walking on a hillside .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man playing the drums .
a man is playing a guitar .
a drummer plays his guitar .
a man and a woman are playing instruments .
a man and a woman sit next to a microphone .
a drummer sings into a microphone .
a boy in a blue shirt plays the drums .
two women smiling .
two ladies laughing .
two women are taking pictures .
a man is holding a basket .
a man with dark hair and dark hair is standing in front of a microphone .
two dogs on the grass .
a black dog and a white dog are fighting .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
two dogs are biting each other .
a man in a baseball uniform stands on a baseball field .
two dogs barking at each other .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a man is spraying water in a fire .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is holding a tube .
a man is applying liquid from a hose .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in an orange shirt is standing in front of a hose .
a man in an orange uniform is wearing an orange uniform .
a man with an orange uniform is working on a hose .
two men talking in front of a video camera .
a man in a black shirt is dancing .
a chef is giving a thumbs up .
a man is giving a speech .
a man is giving a speech .
a group of boys playing lacrosse .
two children are running in a field .
two boys are running in a race .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy is looking through sunglasses .
a boy with spiked hair and glasses .
a child wearing glasses and glasses is sitting in a chair .
a man in a grocery store is selling food .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is shopping .
a man is getting her shopping bags on the street .
a dog on a beach .
a woman is playing with her dogs .
a woman watches as a dog watches .
a woman and a woman in a yard .
two men in a lake in a lake .
a man in a white shirt is holding a camera .
two women , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
a man is holding a camera .
a dog walks down the beach .
a man is holding a large digital camera .
a man is holding a camera .
a young person with a backpack walks down the street .
a young boy swimming in a pool .
a little girl is sitting on a sidewalk .
two young men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a girl in a brown shirt hangs from a blue pole .
a man is throwing off a bull .
a little boy is doing a handstand on the ground with his mother .
a brown horse is jumping in the air .
a family is eating .
a man holding a sign on the street .
a boy carries a bucket in his hand .
a middle eastern boy carrying a blue bag walks down the street .
a little boy in a blue shirt is carrying some bags .
a hiker in a blue jacket is standing in the ocean .
a hiker walks with a mountain in the background .
a person hiking in the snow with mountains in the background .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog is looking at a young boy .
a boy is standing on a trampoline looking at his dog .
a young girl in a green shirt is swinging in a park .
a young boy is standing in front of a building .
two women are playing with a pillow .
a group of girls are walking down a street .
two girls are fighting together .
a dog runs on the grass .
a group of girls are sitting at a picnic table .
a dog runs through grass .
a cowboy is standing next to a horse .
a dog runs through the grass .
construction workers standing in front of a building .
two hockey players at a game .
a black dog is playing with a ball .
two hockey players are sitting on the floor .
three people are walking down the street .
two men fishing in a boat .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men rowing a canoe on a river .
a man is about to ride a boat .
a group of people are sitting in a circle .
a group of people are standing in a crowd .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting in a wooden chair .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
construction workers wearing safety vests and hard hats .
two men are working next to a body of water .
a child dressed as santa claus is showing a door .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are holding hands .
a child and a child are standing on a sidewalk .
a young child is getting ready to take a treat .
a group of children dressed up for halloween .
a man in a white shirt is looking at candy .
a child dressed in a blue shirt and blue jeans is taking pictures .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing outside of a house .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the street .
a child in a costume is standing in front of a crowd .
a child in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a child in a costume is being held by a woman in costume .
a woman in a blue shirt is looking at papers .
two girls are playing baseball .
a little girl is giving a speech .
a young girl is giving money .
a child in a blue shirt is helping a rifle .
a little girl is standing outside of a store .
a young man in a blue shirt and black vest is picking up a trophy .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a girl in jeans and a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a baby is standing next to a pile of supplies .
a man and a woman are standing in the sun .
a group of children in costumes perform on stage .
a group of dancers in a dance class .
a group of children are dancing together .
a group of people are dancing .
a boy pours sand from a shovel .
two children are playing in the sand .
three children are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man drinking a drink .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a woman reading a book .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a bearded man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man is holding a beer in a park .
a man playing a piano .
a man is holding a baby .
a crowd of people gathered around a large crowd .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a father sitting on a couch holding his daughter .
a young man is singing into a microphone .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man is holding a baby .
two women are walking on a trail .
a boy is standing on a pole .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a middle aged woman with long brown hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing on a brick wall .
a woman with red hair is sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
two white men are standing in front of a building .
a man stands in front of a group of people .
an asian child on a city bus .
a young boy with glasses is sitting on a bus .
a woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is looking at her phone .
two women are walking down the street .
a boy doing tricks on his bike .
a black and white dog jumping into the water .
two children looking at books .
the dog is running on the sand .
a dog walks through the water .
a person is standing next to a tree .
a person walking down the street .
there are buildings in the background .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man with a microphone in a microphone .
a man in a hat holding a rope and talking to a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman looking at something .
a group of people at a market .
two women talking in a shop .
two boys are reading a book .
a group of people are eating food .
a man and woman are eating food .
two women are looking at a booth .
people eating food .
a man and woman pose for a picture .
a guy is standing in the ocean .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing a wave .
a man is taking a steep rock .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the ocean .
a man and woman pose for a picture for a picture .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a young couple posing for a picture .
a soccer player tries to block the ball .
a young woman in a gray shirt is sitting in a chair .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing soccer .
a group of women are walking in a crowd .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman are practicing karate .
a group of people are practicing karate .
a group of people are performing martial arts .
a group of people are watching martial arts .
two people are practicing karate .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing soccer .
a man is singing into a microphone .
two martial artists fighting .
a young man wearing a blue martial arts uniform with a blue belt and a blue belt with a blue belt .
a young man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and white pants are performing a routine .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are watching a martial arts match .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
a man leads a horse .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a man in a white shirt is juggling a golf ball .
a man with a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is holding a golf club .
a man is playing golf .
a man in a hat is throwing a golf ball .
a man is playing golf .
a man is playing golf .
an asian boy is talking on his cellphone .
two people are riding on a scooter .
a child in a green shirt is looking into a field .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people sitting and drinking wine .
a group of people enjoying a meal .
young adults at a party .
two blond women , one wearing a black tank top , one wearing a black tank top , one wearing a black tank top , one wearing a black tank top and one wearing a black tank top , are
two women are performing martial arts on stage .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing headphones walks down the street .
a woman walks down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman wearing headphones is walking down a street .
a woman walks down the street .
a woman jogging down the street .
a woman in a jacket is walking next to a bike .
a woman walks down the street .
a man is holding a blond woman .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a woman in a white shirt .
two men fencing in a gym .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are holding a sword .
a group of people posing in front of a mountain .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people posing on a mountain .
a family posing for a picture .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a worker working on a construction site .
a band is performing on stage in a concert .
a man is working on a roof .
a person is sitting on an object .
three people are working on a roof .
a dog jumps for a toy .
a woman is preparing food in a kitchen .
a lady is preparing food .
a lady is sitting at a table with chopsticks .
a lady in a white shirt serving food .
a lady in a white shirt is making crafts .
a lady is making pizza .
a lady in a white shirt is preparing food .
a woman in a blue shirt is making pizza .
two ladies walk over a footbridge .
two women are walking together .
people crossing a river .
a group of people crossing a bridge .
families playing in a park .
two children are performing on stage .
a crowd gathers for a band .
a young woman wearing a necklace is walking down the street .
a fireman in a blue shirt is driving a truck .
a mother is opening her puppies .
a line of people in a line .
three women are standing next to each other .
a group of people standing outside a building .
an older man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are getting off a plane .
two wrestlers in a wrestling match .
two girls are reading a book .
a girl jumping into a pool .
a little girl is jumping in the air .
a girl swims into a pool .
a young woman wearing a bikini is jumping in the air .
a woman is getting ready to swim .
a female swimmer is getting ready to swim .
a woman in a bathing suit is jumping into a pool .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and woman are doing martial arts .
a child is jumping in the air .
a skateboarder in the middle of a skate park .
a skateboarder in the air .
a skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his left hand .
a skateboarder does a trick in the air .
a group of children are walking up some steps .
a person sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a group of people are gathered outside at night .
a man sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair is sitting in front of some bushes .
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people at a concert .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a group of people are hanging upside down .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to climb a sculpture .
a person hanging upside down .
a man in a blue shirt is hanging out on a patio .
a young child sits in front of a window .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the sand .
a man is standing on the beach at the beach .
a man is standing on sand on the beach .
a man snowboarding .
a man is sitting on the beach on a beach .
a man is sitting on a beach .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is sitting on a beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing next to a body of water .
a man is standing on a beach .
a man is holding a surfboard .
a man on a cellphone walks down the street .
a man and a dog are playing with a dog .
a man is walking in front of a pier overlooking a pier .
a man walks his dog on a leash .
a child walks in the snow .
a black and white dog is walking through the grass .
a little girl is jumping on a pillow .
a dog carries a leash in its mouth .
two children are playing in a room .
a family having a good time .
a group of children are playing together .
a group of people are sitting on a raft .
a group of young boys playing soccer .
a dog plays with a ball in the grass .
a girl in a dress smiles while standing on a bed .
a man and a man are playing in the snow .
a gymnast is performing on the rings .
five men playing basketball on a court .
two women hugging each other .
a group of people on a street corner .
a group of people are standing near water .
a group of people wait outside a building .
a shirtless man is walking on a large rock .
a man in camouflage is holding a net .
a person is jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a red shirt is jumping on a hill .
a man is playing with his friends .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
two soccer players on the field .
a group of people are working together .
a woman running in a race .
a girl in a black shirt is running .
a group of people in jeans and t shirts are looking over a wood wall .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
workers working on a board .
a little girl in a red shirt is racing .
two toddlers walk down the street .
three women are taking a picture of something .
a group of people in a forest .
two older women taking pictures .
people taking pictures .
a little boy is walking down the street .
a group of people taking pictures .
a brunette woman is talking with a man at a gym .
a man in a blue shirt is walking on a hill .
a group of tourists taking pictures .
a boy in swimming trunks is swimming in water .
a young boy is sitting on a bench .
a boy is sitting in the water .
a young boy is sitting in the water in the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a group of women raising their hands over their heads .
a group of people are sitting on benches .
a man reading a book .
a group of people are looking over a railing .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man jumps from a helicopter .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
three people are sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a large bench .
a man and a woman are talking on a cellphone .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man is holding a ball .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is selling items .
a woman is selling items from a street vendor .
a dog with a frisbee in its mouth .
a woman is standing in an open market .
a woman sitting on steps .
a man playing tennis .
a woman in a kitchen is preparing food .
a woman with long hair is sitting down .
a lady is cooking in a kitchen .
a woman in a black dress is walking down the street .
two men sing into a microphone .
two men are singing and playing guitars on top of steps .
two men are playing a guitar and singing .
a group of people are singing and singing .
two men are playing a musical instrument .
two men are performing music .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are singing and playing instruments .
a band is performing on stage .
two guys are playing instruments .
a young adult is playing in a pool .
a man in a blue jacket is skiing down a hill .
a man skiing down a snowy hill .
a woman is crying down a snowy hillside .
a man in a white shirt is lying on a bench .
a man sliding down a hill in the snow .
a man is playing in the snow .
two girls kissing a man in a white shirt .
two girls kissing a man in a white shirt .
a man is riding a sled down a snowy hill .
a group of people are gathered in a temple .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are dressed in colorful clothing .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man is painting a wall with graffiti .
a man is reading a book .
two people taking pictures of a crowd .
two people carrying backpacks are carrying backpacks .
two people are taking a picture of something .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a camera .
a group of people taking a picture .
a crowd of people are waving flags .
a woman is standing outside of a yellow building .
a woman in a white shirt stands in front of a yellow building .
a group of people are in a building .
a little girl is pushing hay .
a little girl is playing with hay .
a little girl is rolling hay on the grass .
two jockeys are riding horses .
a young girl in a pink shirt and black pants is helping a little girl in a blue shirt .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a woman standing outside of a building .
an asian woman standing outside of a building .
a toddler is drinking a drink .
a young girl is helping a young child .
a child drinks from a cup .
a child and a child are sitting on a bench .
a baby is drinking beer .
a man in a blue shirt is running down a street .
a soccer player throwing a ball .
a soccer player with the ball in the foreground .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a man playing soccer .
a woman hits a tennis ball .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a man in a suit is singing into a microphone .
a man in a safety vest is standing in front of a building .
a man in a safety vest is singing .
a guy with a tool in his hand .
a woman walking down the street carrying a heavy machine .
a woman is walking down the road .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is walking in front of a taxi .
a group of people in a bar .
a person in a white shirt is preparing for something .
a group of women are taking pictures of a basket .
a woman and her friends are running in a basket .
a man is sitting on a bench .
two men are walking on a busy street .
a man in a white shirt leads a group of men in uniform .
a young child is smiling .
several people are standing outside of a restaurant .
a line of men in a booth in a booth .
a group of people are sitting on the street in front of a grocery store .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sitting in a booth reading a newspaper .
a man is waiting in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sits at the sidewalk at a busy restaurant .
a man jumps through the air on his skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man practicing martial arts .
a group of rollerskater performing a trick .
a white man looking at a stack of papers .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman standing in the grass .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a group of birds sit on top of a body of water .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a woman standing by a body of water .
a man in a brown shirt smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are fencing .
a man in a suit is playing the saxophone .
a man in a white shirt is holding a football .
a man in a white shirt is posing for a picture .
a man in a blue jersey holding a football .
a man in a green shirt and blue jeans is playing a video game .
a man in a white shirt is holding a pile of bagpipes .
a man in a white shirt is playing the accordion .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a blue shirt smiles as he smiles .
a man playing the accordion .
a young woman dances with a young man .
two men are kissing each other .
a man in a red tank top is standing in front of a sign .
a man is brushing another man in a crowd .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing next to each other .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is crossing the street .
a man is brushing another man 's face .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
three people are playing in the snow .
people sitting on a bench .
two people talking on a bench .
three women are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are talking .
a man in a blue shirt is raising his arms .
a man is working on a computer computer .
a man with his hands in his hands .
a man in a white shirt is speaking into a microphone .
a smiling man is smiling at the camera .
a man is holding his arms out .
a man floating on a boat .
a man is standing on a boat .
a man riding a boat in the water .
a man is sitting in a boat .
a man is kayaking in a lake .
a soccer goalie kicks the ball in the air .
two men are running in a race .
a group of soccer players playing soccer .
a man and woman are laying on a couch .
a man and a woman are laughing .
a group of people in the grass .
two women are walking down the street .
a kayaker is kayaking in the rapids .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a bed .
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone while another man stands behind him .
a man is jumping on his stomach on the beach .
a person is floating on a boat .
two elderly men talking while looking at a camera .
a group of people are watching a presentation .
two men having a conversation .
a group of shoppers stand in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a dog walk down a busy street .
a dog is carrying a leash on a leash .
a busy city street .
a man is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a smiling woman writing on paper .
a woman is sitting on a hill overlooking a mountain .
a young woman is posing for a picture .
a man is posing for a picture .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a table .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at a telescope while a woman watches .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a guy works on a piece of wood .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding a mop .
a man with his face on his face .
a man is eating a meal .
a man is eating a chicken .
a child is eating something .
a person is doing a handstand on the ground .
a man prepares to throw a basketball .
a group of people sitting on grass .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to get a car door .
a man is trying to fix a vehicle .
a car driver drives a car .
two women having a conversation .
a firefighter putting a fire .
a boy in a blue shirt is bowling .
a man in a white shirt is working at an atm .
a person is sweeping a hole .
a boy is holding a large rock .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is jumping in the air .
a group of indian dancers are dancing .
a group of women dancing .
dancers performing on stage .
a group of girls are dancing .
a man in a red shirt is watching a sporting event .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is sweeping the street .
a woman is jumping high in the air .
a child wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a child on a tree is climbing a tree .
a man rock climbing .
a man on a ramp .
a man climbing a rock .
a boy is climbing up a large staircase .
a man with a cart on an escalator .
a child is sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
people are putting boxes into a container .
two men playing hockey on rollerskater .
a crowd of people watch as a crowd watches .
two hockey players on the field .
two men are playing soccer .
a child is jumping in the air .
a child jumping on the beach .
a little boy jumping on the beach .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a boy is jumping in the air .
a man playing a guitar .
two men carry an object .
a young boy in a blue football uniform is running .
a football player in a white jersey is playing the ball .
a man and a woman are working together .
people watching a horse race .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
two horses in a race .
a large group of dogs are playing in a field .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people riding horses .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a girl standing by a red car .
a small child is sitting in a red car .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man standing next to a car .
a child in a red car is sitting in a red car .
a lady is walking down the street .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a desk .
two women sitting in a restaurant .
a man on a ladder putting up a sign on a sign .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a woman in a white shirt is conducting a picture .
a dog runs through the water .
a woman stands under an awning .
a man and a woman are looking at merchandise .
a man surfing on a surfboard .
a crowd waits for customers .
a baseball player playing baseball .
a man jumps from the back of a red and white baseball .
people shopping at a market .
a baseball player running towards the fence .
a baseball player trying to catch a baseball .
a child with rollerblades on a skateboard .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
a group of people are gathered around a fire .
a mother and her child sitting on a snow covered slope .
a mother pushes her daughter on a sidewalk .
a group of people are standing in their hands .
a baby is eating chocolate ice cream .
a group of people sitting around a grill .
people walking in a crowded area .
people are walking down a busy street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman with a blue umbrella is walking down the sidewalk .
people watching an event .
people walking with umbrellas .
a man is riding a bull .
a young cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a woman is smoking a cigarette .
a man is playing an instrument .
people at a sporting event .
a group of people posing for a picture .
woman smoking a cigarette .
a group of people enjoying the water .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man with a microphone is using a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is performing in front of a camera .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is pointing at the camera .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two women are standing in front of a crowd of people .
two men competing in a karate match .
an african american male singing into a microphone .
a boy slides down a ramp .
a kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a tractor .
a rollerblader doing a trick on a skateboard .
a boy jumping over a barrel .
a skater is jumping over a barrel .
a boy in a blue shirt is skating .
a skater jumps over a barrel .
a rollerblader is jumping over a barrel .
a man and a woman are facing the ocean .
a young couple in front of a body of water .
two women are looking out into the ocean .
two people looking at something .
a boy and a girl play at the beach .
a young child in a yellow jacket and a woman in a yellow jacket and a woman in a yellow jacket and a woman in a yellow jacket .
a young child plays with her dog .
a child is walking down the street with her dog .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is walking her dog .
two children are playing on the beach .
a woman and her son enjoying the beach .
a woman is holding a camera .
two women are smiling .
two girls are posing for a picture .
a woman in a uniform is taking a picture of a plant .
people walking on a path .
a group of people are riding on a trail .
a group of people in a forest .
a group of people walking down the street .
a young boy in a yellow shirt is sitting in a chair .
people walking on a dirt road .
people are looking into a microscope .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are looking at a giant dish .
three people are looking at the tire of a bicycle .
a bride and groom are getting married .
a woman running on a track .
a crowd of people in a crowd .
a soccer player in a red jersey is watching the ball .
a man playing soccer .
a man is watching a man in a baseball cap .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
kids rest on a park bench .
children relaxing in a park .
two girls are sitting on a park bench .
two girls are holding a little girl in a pink dress .
two girls are holding each other .
a girl with a blue shirt is holding a girl in a blue shirt .
a group of people are standing in front of a crowd .
three girls are sitting on a bench .
three girls are eating at a restaurant .
a girl in a pink shirt is dancing .
a little girl in a white shirt is giving a speech .
three young women at a bar .
two people pose for a picture .
two people pose for a picture at a restaurant .
men working on telephone lines .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball .
people sitting in front of a stage .
a photographer takes a picture of a man .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
three men are sitting on top of scaffolding .
a gymnast is balancing on a gymnast 's arms .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a man is sitting at a table with a coffee computer .
a man is looking at a computer screen .
a group of people stand in front of boxes .
a group of people posing for a picture .
construction workers are standing in a factory .
two workers are working together .
a group of people performing on stage .
a young boy in a blue shirt is pushing his shoe .
a black and white dog is running .
a gymnast is doing gymnastics on a balance beam .
two women are walking down the street .
a dog runs through the snow .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy with a face painted face is holding a toy fish .
an adult is holding a child .
two women are walking against a wall with a child .
a band plays on stage .
four men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are sitting on a bench .
three men are holding guitars .
a group of people are playing instruments .
three men , one in a white shirt and one in a black shirt , are playing a musical instrument .
three men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in front of a man in a white shirt .
three men playing instruments .
a woman is working on a project .
a man in a robe walks along a wall .
a man walking down the street .
a band plays music .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a shirtless man in a black shirt is standing in front of a gas station .
a man is standing in front of a shirtless man .
a man is standing on a busy street .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are pulling a group of people .
a man is carrying a child .
a toddler is wearing flip flops and flip flops .
three people climbing a mountain .
a man and a woman are riding on a slope .
two women , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are in a canoe .
a group of people are pulling on horses .
a person in a white shirt is standing on a concrete wall .
a person in a red outfit is holding a sword .
a man in a suit is dancing .
a woman is running in the rain .
a car parked next to a car .
a car drives through a car .
a woman jogging in the rain .
the car is racing .
a soccer player in a red jersey is running .
a football player in a red jersey is attempting to kick the ball .
a football player wearing a red and white uniform is on a football field .
a football player is looking down at something .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on the side of a building .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
a football player in a red jersey is tackling a football player .
a child is standing in front of a building .
people washing a truck .
children washing a car .
a family is washing a truck .
a girl splashing water into a truck .
a group of children showing off their heads .
a black and white dog is walking through the grass .
three women cleaning off a truck .
asian people are sitting in a restaurant .
a person walking on a sidewalk .
a skier looks at a mountain .
a girl in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike in the woods .
two people looking at a book .
two people are singing into a microphone .
a boy in a white shirt and white pants is playing a toy game .
a man and a boy are singing .
two men sing into microphones .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
two people are holding computers .
a man is drinking beer .
a large man drinking beer .
a woman with a baby walks down the street .
a woman is holding her baby .
a woman holding a baby walking across the street .
people walking down the street .
a brown and white dog is jumping in the air by a cow .
a bull is running by a dog .
a black and white dog is running on the beach .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog chasing sheep .
a man on a bicycle is looking at the sunset .
two people walk down a wooded trail .
a man is sitting on a bike .
a little boy is standing on the floor .
a young man in a blue shirt is dancing .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young woman in a black shirt dancing .
a black dog running through the water .
a dog shakes off water .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a dog swims in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a black and white dog is swimming in the water .
two women are working on a project .
a bride and groom pose for a picture .
a man in a black bathing suit dancing in the pool .
a man is pointing at the camera .
a couple standing in arm .
a black man in a black shirt is dancing .
a man with no shirt on is sitting on a bench .
two men wearing sunglasses are sitting on a bench .
a man with no shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in sunglasses and a man in sunglasses are sitting on a bench .
a man and woman having a conversation .
a man and woman lean against a building .
a woman in a green shirt is talking to a woman .
a woman is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is walking on the beach .
a young girl is running with a child .
a group of young people playing in a band .
a young girl is flying a kite .
a man stands under a bridge .
a man working on a project .
a person walking down the street .
a man is hiding in the shadows .
children holding signs .
a toddler is sleeping in a car .
a woman in a white dress is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a child looks through a window .
a child is sleeping in a vehicle .
a girl in a pink dress holding a bouquet of champagne .
a dog playing with a ball .
a man is standing outside of a restaurant .
a group of people are walking down a city street .
a man and a woman are standing with food .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy pointing at a plate of food .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is carrying an umbrella .
a person with red umbrella walks down the street .
a homeless man in a blue shirt is plowing the street .
a person is holding an umbrella .
a man reading a paper .
a woman in a red shirt is riding a bike down the street .
a teacher is giving a story to a group of children .
a woman is posing for a picture .
two asian girls smiling .
two girls are sitting at a table .
two girls , one in a green shirt and the other in a green shirt , are standing by a green marker .
a girl is fishing .
a group of students are standing in a classroom .
a man is looking at papers in his suitcase .
a man pushing a food cart .
a woman is sitting on the bottom of a flight of stairs on the bottom of the stairs .
a person is landing on a cliff .
a man waterskiing in the sky .
a man in a red shirt is climbing up the ground .
a person is flying into an airport .
a person is laying on the floor on the floor .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
an old man sits in front of a door .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a bowler hat is sitting next to a speaker .
a guy sitting on a bench .
a young boy is riding a donkey in the desert .
a boy is riding a donkey .
a white dog is holding a stick .
a group of women are watching a wedding ceremony .
a dog is chewing on a treat .
a boy is riding a donkey .
four people in a library .
two women and two girls are studying books .
people looking at books .
a family is having a good time .
women in a library looking at books .
two men are walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a man and a woman in a kitchen .
two men drinking beer .
three people are sitting in a room .
two adults are having a meal .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people wearing pink hats .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two children are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a small girl is helping a boy in a playground gym .
two asian children , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt and one in a gray shirt , are throwing hands in a playground .
a black and white dog runs through the snow .
a young student in a white shirt is using a chainsaw to put something .
a man does a flip in the middle of a street .
a teenager is riding his bicycle .
a teenage boy is doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man is sleeping on the floor with a gray cat .
a little girl is sleeping with a cat .
a girl is sleeping on a couch .
people are practicing martial arts .
a man is holding a video camera .
a little girl is running in the grass .
a man is setting up a camera .
a group of men , one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt , are standing in a field .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are preparing to jump .
a man in a white shirt is doing a skateboard trick .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a group of people doing yoga .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs walk on sidewalk .
two dogs walk in the grass .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a dog chases another dog on a leash .
a construction worker doing some rocks .
a young worker with a hard hat and a hard hat is using a chainsaw .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a worker in a hard hat is using a hammer .
a young man with a hard hat is working on a construction site .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a girl and a girl behind a fence .
two girls at a softball game .
a man wearing a red and white uniform is holding a bat while wearing a helmet .
a man is jumping over a bicycle on his bicycle .
a young girl is getting ready to hit a softball .
a girl hitting a softball .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a girl on a rock .
a boy wearing headphones stands at a kitchen counter .
a girl looking at the water at sunset .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a girl on a rock climbing .
a person is holding balloons .
a little girl in a pink shirt is standing in the sun .
a woman selling flowers .
a woman is lying on a bench next to a bike .
a woman is lying on a bench .
two women are walking down the street .
a young woman is sitting on a park bench .
a woman lies on a blanket in a field with a bike .
a woman sitting on a blanket in a field .
a lady is sitting on a lawn bench .
a female is laying on the grass .
a woman laying on a blanket on a blanket .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is lying on a bench .
a woman is laying in a park .
people are washing their cars .
two cars are cleaning the side of a road .
a man and a woman wash a car wash .
two people are standing next to each other .
a group of people looking at something .
a boy with headphones is sitting with headphones .
the hotel is on the beach .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing in front of a large body of water .
a man and a woman are in the middle of a boat .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man snowboarding .
a man taking a picture of another person .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a bag .
a young child plays with a toy toy .
four construction workers working on a project .
a crew working in a factory .
three construction workers are looking at a patient .
two construction workers are working on a roof .
a group of ladies walking across a bridge .
a woman in a white shirt is cooking in a kitchen .
a man and a boy are standing on a bridge .
two people on a bridge .
two people are standing on a bridge .
a man and a boy are walking down the street .
an old man and a little boy are standing on a wooden bridge .
a man is swimming in the water .
an elderly man wearing a blue shirt is holding a flag .
a family is playing in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a young boy .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a barber shop .
a dog jumps over an obstacle .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a dog jumps in the air .
a dog is running through the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people on cellphones .
people walking around a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a barber is working on his laptop .
a group of people at a restaurant .
a group of teenagers talking on the street .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a couple enjoying a meal .
a young couple talking outside a restaurant .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man and a boy are playing soccer .
a man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a boy are playing in the water .
a man is throwing a small child up .
a man throwing a child in the air .
a man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby into the air to catch a baby .
a man throwing a child into the air .
a man and a child are playing outside .
a toddler is jumping in the air .
a man throwing a child to catch a child .
a toddler is in midair .
a man throwing a young boy up to catch a ball .
a man is playing with a little boy in water .
a man throwing a small boy in a baseball game .
a man is throwing a young boy up in the air .
a man is playing with a boy .
people are swimming in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is lifting weights .
a person in a blue shirt is feeding ice cream at a table with candy .
a man is holding up a large snowball .
a man in a blue shirt is preparing to ski .
a man doing a trick on a golf court .
a man is playing golf .
firefighters put out a fire .
a fireman in a white uniform is working on a fire .
two firemen fighting in a fire .
two firemen wearing blue hard hats are operating fire .
a group of children are in a grocery store .
a fire pit with a fire in the background .
a young woman leads two young girls in a tree .
a boy is brushing his teeth .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
children climbing an old tree .
three people are climbing a tree .
a view of a building .
a man playing tennis .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around in a room .
a bicyclist is riding a bicycle .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a tennis player in mid jump .
a man is swinging at a tennis ball .
a man in a red shirt is swinging on a red tennis ball .
a man playing tennis .
a man standing in front of a tennis sign .
a man is writing on paper .
a girl playing soccer .
a girl is about to kick a soccer ball .
a group of young girls in sports uniforms are standing near a soccer ball .
four girls are kicking balls .
a group of people are watching something .
an african american woman performing a dance .
a girl kicking a soccer ball .
a family is relaxing on the front of the porch .
a man is holding a child .
a woman holding a bag is holding a small child .
a woman carrying a shopping bag is carrying a shopping bag .
a woman with her hands in her hands .
a man carrying a bag is walking down the street .
a group of soccer players dressed in green and gold uniforms are running in green grass .
a guy carrying a ball in his hand .
a group of people playing football .
men playing football .
a white cart is going down a ramp .
a group of people are standing on the side of the road .
a man driving a golf cart down a street .
a girl is sitting on a boat .
a girl in a boat holding a bottle of water .
a woman is walking down the street .
a blond girl in a bikini is holding a bottle in her hand .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl in a bathing suit is playing with a ball .
a woman is kicking a soccer ball .
a woman in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt and
a man and a woman are laughing .
a young woman in a bikini is kicking a man in a hat .
a young woman takes a picture of a man .
a woman and a man are sitting in a boat .
a woman is kicking a man 's hair .
a man and a woman on a boat .
a woman is kicking a man 's hair .
a fire in a fire .
a fire engine sits next to a fire engine .
a fire crew sits next to a helicopter .
two firemen , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking towards a trailer .
a fire crew is standing in front of a fire .
three people are standing in a parking lot .
people are walking through a parking lot .
a group of men carrying a bouquet of flowers .
two men are carrying a large beer bottle .
two men are carrying beer bottles .
a man and a woman are holding hands .
three people are walking down a city street .
a car parked in the city .
a group of people walking in a race .
three people are walking down a city street .
there are buildings in the background .
a group of people walking together .
two men are walking behind a woman .
a woman in a blue dress is standing in the sand .
a woman is walking down the street .
a young lady is walking down the street with two men .
a girl in a purple cape is wearing a purple cape .
a bride holds up her bouquet .
people are in the river in a river .
a group of people are sitting on the water .
a woman in a gown and a woman in a headscarf .
several people are sitting on a raft .
a group of people in a raft .
a man in a police uniform holding a puppet .
a guy skateboarding .
a skateboarder is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are fighting together .
two dogs fighting .
two dogs play near a tree .
two dogs play in the grass .
a black and white dog is playing with a stick .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man is sitting on a bench next to a wall with a mural on the wall .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a chalkboard .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a group of adults sitting on a bench .
four people are playing musical instruments .
a group of people listening to music .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three adults sit on a bench in front of a cafe .
a baby is sleeping on a bench .
a group of people are watching a presentation .
men climbing a rock .
a person is riding a bike .
a group of people walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a hat is standing in front of a building .
children playing in a building .
people in a market .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a man and a woman are playing bagpipes .
two men in white shirts are playing instruments .
two men are holding bagpipes .
two men are playing instruments .
a young boy looking at a pumpkin .
a woman getting ready to cross the street .
a woman in a white dress is laughing .
a person is jumping over rocks .
a woman looking at the water .
young men playing volleyball .
a dog jumps in the air .
a child in a white shirt and blue jeans stands in a pumpkin field .
a woman with a bag is carrying a bag on her head .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is cutting a tree into a tree on a snowy day .
a woman is walking down the street .
a dog leaps into the air .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man is making a sculpture .
a man playing the guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a pink tutu is riding a unicycle in a parade .
four women are talking to each other .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt and carrying a bag is walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a woman is posing for a picture .
a group of asian men are having a conversation .
a woman knitting .
a man carrying a chinese mask .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are walking down the street .
a group of people having a conversation .
a young man is sitting on a bench talking on his cellphone .
a boy is leaving a group of boys .
four women sitting on a bench with three other people .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a group of people in the street .
a team is standing next to each other .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man is taking a picture of a sports team .
a group of men are protesting .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking on a street .
people are looking at something .
a man with his arms crossed and his arms crossed .
a band plays on stage .
two women are walking down the street .
two women holding up a banner .
two girls are walking down a street .
a person standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a shop .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man cleaning a pot .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding her face .
a woman is walking down the street with her face .
a group of people are walking on a busy street .
a man is selling items from a street vendor .
a man sitting on a stoop with a broom .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
three surgeons performing surgery .
a man in a white shirt is performing surgery .
a man in a white shirt is listening to music .
a group of children dressed in costumes .
a group of kids watch as a crowd watches .
a woman is looking at a white building .
a group of children are dancing .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a black and white dog licking its nose .
a group of motorcyclists racing around a track .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a motocross rider in a red shirt and blue jeans is running down a dirt road .
students working in a laboratory .
a woman in a yellow hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is standing next to a boat .
a man pushing two boats on the beach .
a man is fishing .
a man pushing a boat on a boat .
a man is standing on a boat .
a female security officer is standing on a street .
a security guard is standing in front of a store .
a construction worker is using a radio call .
a police officer is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is using a radio call .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is talking to a doctor .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a cyclist is smiling .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a lady is riding a bicycle .
a person jumping off a high cliff .
a woman taking a break from her bike .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching a boy in a blue shirt .
a woman in a white shirt is playing with a toy .
a lady wearing gloves and gloves hangs from a large white balloon .
a woman is kneeling on the ground with a woman on the ground .
a woman is kneeling next to colorful lanterns .
a woman in a white shirt is kneeling next to several chinese lanterns .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a woman in gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a group of people .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman in black pants and a white shirt is rock climbing .
a woman is standing on a rock .
two people are competing in a race .
a man and a woman walk towards the finish line .
a little girl with an apple in her mouth .
a group of people riding bikes .
a woman is sitting on a couch .
a man teaching a class in a classroom .
a man and a woman are riding their bikes .
a man is standing next to a boat .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a boat .
a man throwing a frisbee .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a man in a green shirt is sitting in a park .
a person in a park in a park .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man throwing a frisbee at a park .
a man throwing something into a microphone .
a guy with a frisbee in his mouth .
a man is trying to catch a frisbee .
a girl getting ready to brush her teeth .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a guy working at a market .
a man is working on a roof .
a man is standing in front of vegetables .
a man in a market selling vegetables .
a man selling vegetables .
two men are wrestling in a field .
a group of people are in the snow .
a man teaching a class of students .
people are playing in the snow .
a group of people gather in the snow .
people watching a video game .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man speaks to a crowd on a podium .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a man is trying to catch a fishing rod .
two women are looking at something .
a group of people are looking at each other .
a female singer sings into a microphone .
a priest is posing for a picture .
a group of men are preparing food .
two ladies looking at something .
a man is posing for a picture .
two men playing a musical instrument .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
three men are working on a structure .
three guys working with a large glass .
a young girl in a pink dress is being held by a young girl .
two men working on a glass table .
a young person in a blue bathing suit is getting ready to swim .
a little girl is swimming in the water .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a gymnast is dancing .
a horse jumps over a hurdle .
a woman in a costume is standing in front of a crowd .
a dancer is performing on stage .
a boy is playing baseball .
a woman in black stands in front of a market .
a woman is standing outside of a store .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a little girl pushing her umbrella in a stroller .
a man is sitting on the ground holding a book .
two children in a park .
a boy is reading a tree .
a boy and girl in a park looking at the ocean .
a boy and a girl are sitting on a park bench .
a little boy is reading a book at a tree in a park .
a man and a woman riding bikes .
two bikers wearing backpacks .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a dog swims in the water .
a young lady is walking down the sidewalk with a shopping bag .
a man in a white shirt is walking down a street .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a dog swims in the water .
a man is standing outside of a building .
two children sitting in a stroller .
two babies are sitting next to a fire engine .
two toddlers in front of a firetruck .
a group of people floating in a boat .
two people are sitting in a canoe .
two people in a canoe in the water .
two people in a canoe in a canoe .
two people are sitting in a boat .
two women walk along a sandy beach .
a man and a woman walk next to a road .
a man and a woman are carrying pots .
two people walk down a paved road .
a group of hikers climbing a mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people climbing down a hill .
a group of climbers on a snowy mountain .
a person hiking in the woods .
a woman looking at produce .
several people hiking through the snow .
a black and white dog is giving a thumbs up .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a woman is shaving a dog .
a child hitting a baseball .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a baseball player hitting the ball .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a dog runs on the beach .
a group of people performing on stage .
a dog runs through the snow .
a white and white dog is running through the snow .
two people are sitting in a library .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man is kneeling in front of a wall .
a man standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is mixing a bowl .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a house .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is mixing a piece of paper .
a man in a red shirt is fixing a home .
a man in a red shirt stands in front of a microphone .
a band is playing in front of a crowd of people .
a woman with a book next to her .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting in a chair with a book sitting next to her .
a woman is sitting on a folding chair .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair reading a book .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in green holds a phone .
a woman wearing a helmet is walking down the street .
a man playing drums .
a shirtless man is playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping into the air .
three men sit on a mountain .
three men are sitting on the rocks .
a man is playing basketball .
a group of people are standing on a railing at a stadium .
three people are sitting on rocks .
three guys sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
three men are sitting on rocks .
three young boys are sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a man is sitting in a chair in a camping chair .
two babies sleeping .
the baby is wearing a red shirt .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
two babies sleeping together .
a person is sleeping on the beach .
a person sitting on rocks .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman with a red bag is sitting in trees .
a man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
a little girl is playing the drums .
a man is riding a bicycle in the middle of a race .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a vehicle .
a man on a large wooden structure with his friends looking on .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is playing with a child .
a little girl in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a child in a blue shirt is being held by a little girl .
a child plays with her mother .
a child is playing with his mother .
a man in jeans hanging from a large structure .
people marching in a parade .
people marching in a parade .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of protesters are protesting .
a young girl hitting a dish .
a child in a blue shirt is eating food .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people laughing .
a man is helping a small boy climb up a pole .
a group of people are standing in front of a playground gym .
a man in a blue shirt and a boy in a blue shirt are standing on the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt are working on the top of a building .
a father and his son are having fun .
a group of people are playing basketball .
a group of people are sitting in bleachers .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table with a laptop .
a man working at a computer computer .
a man painting a picture .
a man working on a scaffold .
a man in a blue shirt is painting a picture .
a man in a white shirt is painting a room full of paint paint .
a person is painting a wall .
a group of adults are sitting on a bench .
a man painting a ladder .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a child jumps into a pool .
a baseball player in a baseball uniform takes a shot .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
the little boy is wearing a life jacket .
a little boy is playing in the water .
a man is jumping in the air .
a little kid jumping in a pool .
people are sitting at a library .
a boy sitting at a table cutting something .
a baseball player looks at the field .
a woman applying makeup to another woman .
a group of people are watching a game .
a man is competing in a race .
a man working on a sculpture .
a sculpture of a sculpture of a sculpture .
a woman in a white shirt is using a hammer .
a man is making art .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a man reading a paper .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
two people are singing and singing .
a man and a woman singing into microphones .
a group of people are standing on a fire .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy is playing in the grass .
a man snowboarding down a snowy hill .
a man lies in a field in a field .
a person walking down the street .
a man is smiling at the camera .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a person relaxing on a bench .
a group of young women are sitting in a circle .
a snowboarder in the air .
three men are having a conversation .
a group of women are dancing .
a crowd of people are standing in a club .
two women dancing in a bar .
people dancing at a club .
two dogs play in the snow .
two small dogs are playing tug of war .
two boys are playing on a trampoline .
three dogs running in a field .
three dogs run through the grass .
four people are sitting on a blanket .
four people are sitting on the ground on the ground .
a group of people sitting on a blanket .
a group of people in a library .
a snowboarder in the air .
two people in a building with a computer .
two women are having a conversation .
a group of people performing on stage .
a group of people wave on a wave .
a man is jumping in the air .
a view of the sun .
a mountain biker in the snow .
people are surfing on a wave .
people are surfing on a wave .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people surfing on a wave .
a man in a green shirt and jeans is standing in the middle of a mountain .
a group of boys are performing on stage .
two women are playing volleyball on the beach .
a construction crew fixing the road .
a group of boys are standing in line .
a group of boys are standing on a stage .
five men are standing on stage at night .
a group of men dressed in military fatigues are playing instruments .
a group of men dressed in costumes are playing instruments in a parade .
a group of men are carrying instruments .
a group of men dressed in costumes .
two men are playing instruments .
a man is playing with a brown dog .
a man is listening to music .
a dog is walking in the snow .
a person is riding a bicycle .
a cyclist is carrying his bike .
a man carrying an object in his hand .
a man carrying his bicycle .
a man jumping in the air .
a man is working on a piece of art .
a man in a white shirt is watching a man in a blue shirt .
a man in a white shirt is working on a fire .
an artist works on a sculpture .
a man in a blue shirt is using a hammer .
a man in a white shirt is holding something .
a man is welding a statue .
a man is working on a project .
a guy in glasses is making a sculpture .
two girls are working on a project .
a girl is standing on railroad tracks .
a girl in a tank top stands on a train track .
a young girl wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl on a railroad tracks .
a woman is standing on railroad tracks .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
two girls are standing in front of a body of water .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is standing in front of a microphone .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on the ground .
a girl is sitting on a train train .
a woman in a blue shirt is washing a window .
three women are sitting in a room .
three women are cleaning windows .
a child playing in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy is playing tennis .
a man is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of men marching in a parade .
men in red vests carry signs on the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a field .
a group of men dressed in black march in front of palm trees .
two people are standing on a rail with a dog .
a group of women are carrying a large object .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a man holding a sign .
three men having a conversation .
three men having a conversation .
three men are sitting at a table with microphones .
a group of people having a conversation .
three men are having a conversation at a table .
a girl is feeding something .
a child running on a parking lot .
a worker sleeping on a bench .
a person sitting on a bench .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a duck is standing next to a duck .
people sitting on a hill on a hill .
a group of people dancing at night .
a young boy in a white shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
a young man kicking a soccer ball .
a boy is playing with a ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a blond boy is playing soccer .
a child is playing with a ball while a crowd watches .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of children are having a soccer ball .
a small child playing with a toy toy .
a child is playing with a ball while others watch .
a boy playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a young boy in blue is playing with a soccer ball .
a young boy playing soccer .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball .
a group of ducks in a field .
two dogs swimming .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two dogs in a pool .
a dog and cat are in the water .
two dogs swimming in a pool .
a man sitting on a rock with a woman .
a group of five dancers dressed in red and white and white .
a group of people are at a meeting .
a dog jumps in the air .
a young man is showing a picture of a statue .
a dog jumps off a ramp .
a woman in a blue shirt is trying to pull something .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a group of people are walking through the woods .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a clothesline .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a man talking on a cellphone .
a man talks on his cellphone while talking on his cellphone .
a man is holding a microphone .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a little girl is crying .
a teenage girl is standing with her arms crossed .
a person in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman sit on a bench .
construction workers wearing orange vests and hard hats .
a dog jumps off the ground .
a dog jumps through the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a person is lying on the ground .
a man with a newspaper reading a newspaper .
a man in a black jacket and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a hawaiian shirt is singing into a microphone .
a person in a white shirt is holding something .
people are looking at artwork .
a man wearing a helmet is skiing .
two people are looking at an art gallery .
a group of cheerleaders cheering .
a man and a baby are playing poker .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
people looking at artwork on the street .
a girl in a black tank top is sitting in a nightclub .
a little girl is lying down on the grass .
a soccer player is running on the field .
a woman in a red and white uniform is playing tennis .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a couple is hugging each other .
a woman is laying down on a bench .
a man is sitting on a train .
a group of people are sitting on a train .
a train conductor leads a train into a tunnel .
a train waits for a train .
a train conductor is operating a train .
a train with a conductor in blue and white .
a man in a green shirt is operating a green train .
a mechanic working in a roller coaster .
a boy is playing basketball .
a man driving a train .
cheerleaders are hugging a fan .
a group of cheerleaders gather around a small child .
a group of people are swimming in the water .
a group of people are riding a motorcycle in india .
a group of people in the water .
a skier is going down a hill .
a group of girls in uniform cheer .
a man in a costume is running .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a green shirt is running in a marathon .
a runner is getting ready to race .
a man is running down the street .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
a young man is skateboarding .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a young man with his skateboard in the air .
a long haired man in a red shirt is doing a trick on a rail .
a man is cutting a brown dog .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
a teenager jumps over a railing on a sunny day .
a skateboarder does a trick in a skate park .
a man does a trick on a skateboard .
a man and a young girl are working on a train .
a man is working on a piece of paper .
a teacher teaching her class .
a woman is looking at a harbor .
a group of martial arts students are practicing martial arts .
a dog runs through a puddle .
a man is standing next to a group of people .
a man in a clown costume is posing for a picture .
a clown poses in front of a public transportation .
a man with his face in his face .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is jumping in the air .
a skier is jumping into the air .
a man is jumping in the air in the air .
two people talking on cellphones .
a man in a dark blue jacket sitting in a chair .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men in a crowded street .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people in a large tub .
a girl is kissing a young girl .
a man in a green shirt is walking down the street .
two men are working on a project .
two girls are playing volleyball .
two boys are playing in the sand .
a group of people are walking through a desert field .
two people in the desert .
two people walking through sand .
a group of young boys are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is sitting inside a building .
a kid rides a bike .
a child is riding a bike in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at the water .
a boy rides a bike on a sunny day .
a child rides his bike through the rain .
people enjoying a drink .
a man in a striped shirt is fishing .
a group of people are fishing in the water .
a group of people are fishing on the side of a walkway .
a group of people standing outside of a restaurant .
two women are drinking beer .
a man fishes from the shore .
a waitress is buying a customer in a convenience store .
a man is showing his hands over a platform .
a group of people are walking on the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with a yellow hat is holding a yellow hat .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a hat stands in front of a microphone .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a tuxedo is raising his arm .
a man is pointing at another man .
a girl in a white shirt picking flowers .
a young girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of people dressed in black are walking down the street .
a group of performers perform on stage .
a group of men in shorts are playing in the sand .
five men wearing black shorts are walking down the street .
five men competing in a race .
people competing in a race .
five black and white dogs are competing in a race .
a young woman is holding flowers .
a group of people competing in a race .
a child is crying .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two men are sitting at a bus stop .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a busy city street .
a man working at a desk .
a man using a computer computer .
asian man working on computer computer .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is working at a construction site .
two people waiting at a bus stop .
two men are sitting on a bus in a bus station .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a flock of birds are seen in a race .
a person in orange pants skiing .
a person is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
a skier wearing a red shirt is skiing down a slope .
a skier slides down a mountain .
a drummer is playing the drums .
a man kicking a soccer ball .
a group of men playing volleyball .
an older woman holds a basket in a field .
four people are looking at paper .
asian students are looking up .
two dogs play in the snow .
asian people are standing in line looking at a paper .
two dogs play in the snow .
a couple posing for a picture .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a woman with a hat on her head .
a man in a blue shirt is relaxing on the beach .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a river .
a woman is sitting on the water .
a group of cars in the mountains .
a child is sitting on a bench .
two men wearing white hats are standing in front of a building .
a group of people watching an event .
construction workers are working on a construction site .
a group of children are standing against a wall .
a man is sitting on a boat in the water .
a man surfing a wave .
a surfer rides a wave .
the surfer is riding a wave .
a man is surfing on top of a wave .
a group of people are gathered around a banner .
a group of protesters are getting ready to talk .
people waiting for a train .
a group of people are gathered in the street .
a group of men are getting ready for a performance .
a family is being held by a family .
a group of men waiting for a train .
two children playing on a beach .
a woman is being held by a man in a blue shirt .
a tennis player in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a man is looking at two children .
a young girl in a pink shirt is helping a young girl in a white shirt .
a person wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a group of hikers are hiking in the woods .
a dog swims in the water .
two skiers are skiing down a snowy hill .
a group of people in the snow .
people climbing a mountain .
three people are standing on a snowy mountain .
a woman sitting on a train .
a black and white dog plays in the grass .
a dog plays in the snow .
a black dog is playing in the snow .
a dog is digging a hole in the yard .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a black dog running in the snow .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a man reading a book .
a woman in a jacket is reading a book .
a woman reading a book .
a man standing next to a car .
a child brushing her teeth .
a child brushing her teeth on a white stool .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a child brushing her teeth .
a child brushing her teeth .
a man in a white shirt is cleaning fish .
a girl is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror .
three children are looking at a lake .
a small girl in a blue shirt is brushing her teeth .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a group of people gather to dance .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a woman waving at a bus .
a bus going down the street .
a woman is waving at a bus .
a man with glasses and a bag is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is holding something .
a man is holding a paper .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is lying on a bench .
a boy is jumping on a bed .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt waving on a bus .
a boy jumping up in the air .
a child is jumping up in the air .
three women are talking to each other in the street .
three women are having a conversation .
three women are talking to each other .
three women talking on a cellphone .
a group of women are playing instruments .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in front of a car .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog race in a race .
two dogs racing on a track .
two people are working on a car .
two people are having a conversation .
a dog is jumping up to catch a stick .
a woman is standing on the edge of a cliff .
a woman in a black dress is standing next to a body of water .
a young woman sitting in a chair .
a dog is running through the grass .
a girl in a striped shirt is rollerblading with her friends .
a girl in a red shirt is rollerblading .
a girl in a red shirt is riding a skateboard .
two women dressed in pink and white are on a dirt road .
a skateboarder is skating on a ramp .
a group of people in a bar .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing on a city street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting at a bar .
a group of people in a room .
a man and a woman are looking at vegetables .
a woman is walking towards the ground .
a group of people having a conversation .
a dog plays with a sprinkler .
a baby is sleeping on a couch .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a baby is sleeping on a couch .
a baby is sitting on a couch .
a white baby with his eyes closed .
a city view of a city street .
a shirtless boy sleeps on a couch .
a child is sleeping on a trampoline .
a small baby sleeps on his back .
a toddler is sleeping on a couch .
a toddler is sleeping in a room .
a toddler is sitting in a chair .
a boy laying on a couch .
a person laying on a couch .
a shirtless man lays on a couch with his eyes closed .
a man sleeping on a couch .
a young boy is sleeping on a bench .
a child holding a doll .
a small baby swims in the water .
a man is holding a child .
a man is sitting on the floor in front of a garage .
a man with glasses holds a child .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a blond man in a white shirt is holding an american flag .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people waiting for a race .
a group of people in the street .
a group of people at a sporting event .
runners are competing in a race .
three people are standing near water .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a person is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse with a sword in the background .
a man is riding a horse in a crowd .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a tan truck parked on the sidewalk .
a woman is sitting at a sewing machine .
two men standing next to a firetruck .
two men are talking to a truck .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
a group of people standing around a table .
a man is riding a bike .
a boy rides his bike in a skate park .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is fixing a bicycle .
a woman is working on a loom .
a man is riding a bike .
a man is holding a microphone .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men practicing martial arts .
a view of a city street .
a group of men in black martial arts outfits practicing martial arts .
two men are fighting in front of a crowd .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
martial arts students practicing martial arts .
a group of people are in a classroom .
two martial artists practicing martial arts .
a group of students are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a musician playing the guitar .
a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt cooking on a stove .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a black and white dog is walking on the beach .
a man at a farmer 's market market .
a black and white dog is running through the ocean .
a small child is riding a horse .
a boy is riding a horse .
a boy is riding a horse .
a shirtless man in a blue shirt is welding .
a child is riding a horse .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a child is sitting on a swing .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a man in a black shirt is taking pictures .
two dogs run on a gravel path .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
a black dog and a brown dog running in the snow .
two large dogs play together .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs playing with a ball .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the grass .
a child is swinging on a swing .
a man is taking a picture .
four men and a woman are playing a musical instrument .
a group of people playing instruments .
four musicians playing instruments .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a child in a blue shirt is laying on the beach .
three musicians are playing music .
a man is sitting in front of a desk .
two women are talking on cellphones .
a man is walking down the street .
a black and white dog is rolling around a dog .
a man in a white shirt is holding a camera .
a man with a fishing pole is fishing .
a black and white dog is running along the beach .
a couple enjoying the day at sunset .
a man is checking his cellphone outside .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at something .
a child throwing a ball in a bowling alley .
a person is racing on a track .
a crowd watching a race .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of a body of water .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is kayaking in the water .
a man is holding a rope .
a man in a wetsuit is jumping into the water .
a man skiing down a mountain .
a young boy is bowling .
a person is looking at something .
a tree covered in leaves .
a dog is running towards a stick .
a woman is standing in front of a restaurant .
a man is holding up a piece of paper .
a woman in a colorful dress walks across the road .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl is walking down the street .
a woman walks down the street .
a woman in a green dress is walking down the street .
a woman is walking on the sidewalk .
a dog carries an object in its mouth .
a black and white dog is playing in the water .
a woman wearing an orange scarf smiles at the camera while a woman looks on .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is listening to music on a bus .
a man is walking down the street .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a base .
a baseball player gets ready to throw the ball .
a man is playing baseball .
a man is looking out of a bus window .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a man is walking on a path .
a man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans stands in a field .
a boy is playing volleyball .
a boy in a blue shirt is about to hit a volleyball .
a boy is holding a ball .
a boy playing tennis .
a boy is playing volleyball .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man walking away from his head .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a squirrel jumps into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a little girl is hugging a little boy .
people walking down a street .
two men sitting at a table drinking beer .
men drinking at a bar .
two men drinking beer .
two men drinking beer .
two men drinking beer .
a man is walking up a mountain .
a person on a mountain .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person with a backpack is walking down the street .
a man hiking on a mountain .
a man is hiking through the snow .
a man is hiking down a mountain .
a person hiking down a mountain .
a group of people marching and marching .
a crowd of people protesting .
a crowd of people holding signs .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a brown and white dog is on a bed .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a bike rider jumps through the air .
police officers talking .
police officers are working together .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a man is posing for a picture .
a man on a bmx bike is taking a picture of his bike .
a man is holding a camera .
a man is holding a pair of sticks in front of a crowd .
a child in a blue bathing suit is standing in the water .
a group of people at the beach .
two men drinking beer .
a group of women are walking along the beach .
two women walking down the street .
a group of people on a beach .
two ladies walking down the street .
a man in a purple shirt and black cap is surfing .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a group of people are sitting on a raft in the water .
a group of people in a room .
a man is listening to headphones .
a group of students in a classroom listening to a professor .
a man in a green hoodie is wearing headphones .
students listening to a presentation .
a person walks down the sidewalk .
two children are splashing in water .
a guy in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man wearing a coat and gloves is standing in a parking lot .
a man is looking up and looking up .
a man is looking at something .
a man in a blue shirt and rubber gloves is holding a metal wire .
a man in jeans holds a wire .
a man is holding a wire .
a man in blue jeans and a blue shirt is holding an axe .
a man in jeans holds a wire wire .
a man in a turban is working on a computer .
a poor man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
an older man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
children playing in the water .
a man is riding a train .
a man in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a man sitting on a corner talking on his cellphone .
football players on the field .
a man is talking on the phone at the subway station .
two soccer players hug each other .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
people standing next to a car .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a dog chases a ball .
children eating food .
a woman is talking to someone .
two older men are sitting on a bench .
a young girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
an african american woman in a black shirt and black pants is standing on the sidewalk .
an african american woman is talking on her cellphone .
a woman is sitting on a bench talking on a cellphone .
a girl is talking on a cellphone .
a man crossing the street .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a subway train .
a child in a blue wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
people sitting on a bus .
a group of people throwing a basketball .
a child is standing next to a body of water .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
two children are playing in the surf .
three dogs playing in the snow .
a toddler is holding a toddler .
two small dogs are standing on the grass in the grass .
people playing volleyball .
a group of dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are sniffing each other .
a football player is about to throw the ball .
a man in a black shirt juggling knives .
doctors performing surgery .
people are sitting on the subway .
a woman with glasses is holding a baby in her hand .
a man is riding a bike .
a group of people are sailing on the water .
a group of people are walking in a boat .
a boat in the water .
a group of people on a boat .
a large boat filled with many passengers .
a group of people are sailing on a boat .
a group of people on a boat .
a cyclist is riding a bike .
a young boy plays in the snow .
a man in a red hoodie looks at something .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a body of water .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young child wearing a yellow striped shirt is sitting in a chair .
a small boy in a striped shirt is swimming in the water .
a baby is laying on a loom .
a lady putting makeup on a piece of makeup .
two football players playing football .
two dogs running in a field .
a group of people are gathered around in a room .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
people looking out of a window .
workers working at work .
people looking out of a window .
a baseball player in a white jersey and blue shorts is about to kick the ball .
a basketball player in a white jersey is shooting a basketball .
a basketball player trying to score the ball .
a football player tries to block the ball .
two men , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt
a vendor in a red shirt and sunglasses is standing on a street .
a vendor is standing on a street .
a band performs on stage .
a group of people looking at a screen .
a person in a blue shirt is firing a large stack of oranges .
a man reading a book .
two men are walking down the street .
a man reading a book .
two women walk down the street .
three women are walking down the street .
three women dressed in blue walk down the sidewalk .
two women are walking down the street .
three women walking down the street .
a group of people in a party .
three women are walking down the street .
two women are smiling .
a man doing a trick on a skateboard .
a kid is doing tricks on a skateboard .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy does a handstand on a skateboard .
a boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
a kid slides down a rail on his skateboard .
a boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a group of people are standing near a construction site .
a girl is playing with a stick .
two men are standing at a construction site .
a football player in red and white is kicking the football .
a coach in a blue shirt is fixing his team .
a group of players in red and white uniforms are practicing karate .
a group of football players are practicing in front of their coach .
a football player in a red uniform is tackling the football players .
a group of football players in red and white uniforms are playing football .
a man is working with computers .
a dj playing a keyboard .
a group of people marching in a parade .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people protesting on the street .
a group of people protesting a protest .
a young boy is swinging at a punching bag .
a large crowd watches a boy in a blue shirt .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing a punching sport .
a man prepares to hit a punching bag .
a young man in a gray shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is hitting a bag of flowers .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
a black and white dog and a black dog stand by a sign .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
two people in front of a sign .
a large group of people are sitting on a large bench .
a man is pointing at a poster .
a couple sitting on a bench .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman with long brown hair is wearing a necklace .
two people are sitting in front of a picture of a woman .
two people wait for a bus .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a large crowd is listening to music .
people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman walks across a cobblestone street .
a woman walking on a sidewalk with two other people .
a woman walking across a crowded square .
a band performs on stage .
a girl is playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a woman playing tennis .
a band performs on stage .
a woman is playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a table .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing outside of a building .
a man is standing in front of a fire .
a group of people are gathered around a fire .
a group of people are standing around a fire .
a group of people kayaking in a river .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people in a boat .
a group of people are riding their bikes .
seven people are riding white water in a river .
two people kayaking in a river .
a group of people riding a white raft .
an elderly woman sitting in a chair .
a man is looking at something .
two men are walking by a canal .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
two men are walking down the street .
an older woman wearing a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of an older woman .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man is singing on stage .
a man with tattoos on his head is singing .
a man wearing a hat is speaking into a microphone .
a man wearing a hat and overalls is sitting on a bench .
two women are fighting .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a man walks down the desert in the desert .
a group of people in a mall .
two cars waiting for a race .
a car drives down the street .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
an old man is getting ready to race .
an older man in a blue shirt is running on a racetrack .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young boy sliding in a tube .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a yellow tube .
two cars wait for a race .
two older men look out the street .
two men on a drag race race race .
two old cars are racing on a track .
people racing on a track .
a group of people running through a city .
people running in a marathon .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is walking on a sand dune .
a woman is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in red speaks at a podium .
a girl floating in a tub of water .
a woman is giving a speech .
a dog swims in the water .
a boy jumps into the air .
a boy in a swimming pool .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a dog runs through the water with a stick in his mouth .
a little boy swimming in a pool .
a man playing a guitar .
a man surfing a wave .
a man in a black shirt plays a guitar .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench .
a dog eating a newspaper .
a man is playing a guitar .
a surfer rides a wave .
a soldier is running on a track .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
a person in a blue shirt is washing a pool .
military military personnel in the street .
a band is performing on stage .
men marching in a parade .
a rock climbing tree .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two men are walking down the street .
a person is taking a bath .
a man is smiling and smiling .
four adults are sitting on the edge of a body of water .
a guy with his legs in the air .
a group of people are standing near a mountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of children are playing outside .
a little girl is drawing a game of children .
a young girl is jumping in the air .
a young girl drawing a picture .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
a girl in an orange dress drawing on the ground .
a person is lying on the grass in front of a tree .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a teenage teenager is holding up a large object .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a young child in a cap is cleaning snow .
a young boy in a green shirt is eating food .
a young boy sits in a grocery store .
a little girl is looking at the camera .
a child is eating something .
a group of people posing for a picture .
two families posing for a picture .
a large family poses for a picture .
a bride and groom posing for a picture .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman with a hat is holding a sign .
a girl sitting on a bench on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench under a tree .
a man is sitting in a truck .
an asian man looking at something .
a kayak flies through the water .
basketball players playing basketball .
a young boy is riding a board .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
women in a roller derby race .
a group of women roller skating .
a group of girls are rollerskating .
two women competing in roller derby .
a girl in a black uniform is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman selling fruit .
a large gathering of vegetables .
a man selling vegetables on the street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
an asian girl is performing a trick on stage .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a woman sitting on a bench in a park .
two guys playing volleyball .
a little girl is sitting in a chair .
a woman is writing in her notebook .
a woman is writing on a piece of paper .
a woman is sitting on a bench in front of a coffee shop .
a girl in a white shirt is playing a game of lacrosse .
a basketball player in a white jersey is playing basketball .
a man in a blue shirt is running down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a suit is taking a picture in the air .
a person jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air in the air .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man is holding a cup in his hand .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping his drink .
a man is holding a cup of beer .
a man is holding a coffee cup .
a man jumping with a drink in hand .
a man in a black top is jumping with a cup .
a man is jumping with a coffee cup .
a group of men in white shirts are sitting on a bench .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is jumping in the air .
a man jumping off of the ground .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man mowing a lawn mower .
two boys are playing in the sand .
a black woman in a black tank top is cleaning the floor .
a woman sweeping the floor .
a woman is sweeping in a building .
a woman is cleaning up the ground .
a woman is cleaning the floor .
two girls are wrestling .
two little girls are standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is working on the floor .
a woman is cleaning the windows of a building .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two girls dressed in black and white dresses are posing for a picture .
four young girls in jackets are walking down the street .
a teacher is holding a piece of paper above his head .
a group of people walking down the street .
a lady and two children are buying groceries .
a man is holding a piece of paper in his hands .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people are lined up against a wall with bicycles .
a man with a gray shirt and a gray haired man in a blue shirt are riding a bike .
four people are working on a project .
a group of people are riding bikes .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a person on a sled is pulling a child on a sled in the snow .
five children are laughing .
the little girl is playing with her son .
a person stands in the snow .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man is swinging on a swing .
children playing in a pool .
a man is trying to fix a chicken in front of his friends .
a man with a hat and glasses talks to two men .
two men are climbing a staircase .
a man and a woman are skateboarding in front of a man .
a man is looking at a tv screen .
a skier is skiing down a snowy hill .
a man is doing a skateboard trick in the city .
a man skateboarding in a skate park .
a group of people sitting in a plaza .
a drag racer is driving on a racetrack .
a swimming pool with water in the background .
a crowd of people at a protest .
three children are getting ready to swim .
children are swimming in a pool .
a group of people swimming in a pool .
two children are swimming in a pool .
two children are jumping into the air .
a group of children in bathing suits are in the water .
children are swimming in a pool .
a group of children are swimming in a pool .
a group of young boys and a girl are sitting on the ground .
six children are playing in the water .
a group of children jumping in the air .
six children are swimming in a pool .
two hockey players on the ice .
two hockey players playing hockey .
two basketball players fighting .
a man in black walks past a row of computers .
a girl in shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the sand .
a young girl in a pink dress is walking down the street .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man and a dog sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people at the beach .
a man and a dog sitting on a bench .
three people are cleaning the windows of a building .
a car parked in front of an orange suv .
four people having a conversation .
a group of people are cleaning the floor .
two men sitting on a bench .
men taking coffee from a coffee table .
cars on a city street .
several cars parked in a row of parked cars .
cars parked on the street .
two men standing next to each other .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of men are standing on a motorcycle .
two guys are standing in a motorcycle .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people in a park .
a man is reading a card .
a man is sitting on a bench .
people sitting on a park bench .
a woman waving from the window of a window .
a man sitting on a bench .
a man attempts to hit a tennis ball .
two young girls swimming in a bathroom .
a man is taking pictures of a crowd of people .
a photographer takes pictures of a man .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
a man takes a picture of another man .
a crowd gathers for a parade .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat .
a person is walking on the beach .
two women are putting yarn on a sewing machine .
a young boy is playing with a ball .
a woman speaking on a megaphone .
a bull rider is watching a bull .
a boy laying on a rock with his feet in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child sleeps on a blanket .
a man is posing for a picture .
two dogs running on the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs running through the water .
two dogs run through a grassy field .
a group of people are standing in front of a dog .
a woman holding a megaphone .
a little girl and a dog .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman in a black top and jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman poses for a picture .
an artist is drawing a picture .
a man in a black shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man is riding a horse .
a black woman poses for a picture .
a group of chinese people are gathered around a building .
a group of people in a park .
a man looking at a window .
a woman is giving a speech to a crowd .
a man looking at something .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man in a green t shirt is looking at a factory .
a man with his hands in his pocket .
a group of people are working in a factory .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a man in a cap is standing in front of a sign .
a man is working on a project .
a group of people are watching a baseball game .
a pitcher gets ready to throw the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a baseball pitcher in a blue shirt is throwing the ball into the air .
a man is watching a soccer ball .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
two basketball players playing basketball .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a group of people in a gym .
two people having a conversation .
two men , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a blue shirt , one in a
a child in a blue shirt is playing video games .
a man is playing a video game in a restaurant .
a child in a blue shirt is standing on the floor .
a boy is sitting inside a building playing a board game .
a boy is playing a video game at a restaurant .
a group of people are walking on a road .
a group of soccer players playing soccer .
a man in a crowd of people in a crowd .
a group of people are kneeling next to a car .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people working on a dirt track .
a group of people are competing in a race .
two men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are
two dogs running in a field .
a group of people working on a train .
two people dressed in white are walking with balloons .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking together .
two people carrying balloons are carrying balloons .
a male cheerleader in a white shirt is holding up a female cheerleaders on a track .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are getting ready to fight .
cheerleaders are practicing martial arts .
a black woman in an orange shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a black woman is sitting on her cellphone .
a woman is looking at her cellphone .
an african american woman looking at her phone .
four children looking through microscopes .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a black t shirt are sitting at a table eating food .
men working at a construction site .
a girl is holding a bag .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of an audience .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a boy relax on a bench .
two people carrying their crops .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is looking at another man .
a man and a woman are looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is smoking a cigarette with a basket on his head .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth holds a basket of plants .
an asian man is standing on his head with a basket on his head .
tennis player holding a tennis ball .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
a man in a white shirt is on a basketball court .
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis .
a tennis player prepares to hit the ball .
tennis player playing tennis .
two young men , one in a red shirt and the other in a red shirt , are practicing karate .
a person is riding a bike .
a bmx biker rides down a hill .
a cyclist is racing in a race .
a biker jumping over a hill .
a biker jumps off a ramp .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a brown dog is standing on construction equipment .
a boy is standing next to a body of water .
a black and white dog is standing next to a tractor .
a dog looks into the distance .
two dogs fighting over an object .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing with each other .
a black and white dog is trying to catch a ball .
two boys are walking down the street .
a black dog and a black and white dog are fighting .
two children are drinking beer .
a group of children eating and drinking beer .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a group of children drinking out of juice .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a woman is cooking on a grill .
a couple kissing together .
two people posing for a picture .
a group of people smiling and smiling .
a couple sitting and smiling at a photographer .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a dog is kissing a little girl .
two men are on motorcycles .
two motorcyclists on the road .
a woman is petting her dog .
a woman licking her face in the mirror .
two people riding motorcycles .
a young girl in a white shirt is sitting on a swing .
a woman is giving a little girl how to use a cake .
a man with a shopping bag is selling food .
people looking at books .
a group of people looking at books .
children enjoying themselves at a party .
a group of people in library .
two nurses are talking to each other .
a group of people are working together .
two people are working on a project .
construction workers wearing aprons .
a man and a woman are sitting in a room .
two construction workers are working on a project .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
construction workers wearing aprons .
two construction workers are working on a project .
a grocery store with graffiti on it .
a man in a white shirt is working with snow .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a man in a silver outfit holding onto a long pole .
two children are sitting on a couch .
a young boy and girl are playing with a train set .
a boy smiles as he smiles .
a dog catching a ball .
a woman is climbing up rocks .
five girls on a carnival ride .
a woman is holding a microphone while standing in front of a sign .
a young woman with a ponytail on her head .
a woman climbing a stone structure .
a woman climbing a stone wall .
a young woman climbing a white stone structure .
a woman with a ponytail is holding a ponytail .
a woman in a black dress is climbing a rock wall .
a woman rock climbing .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
a person is taking a picture .
a girl in a blue bathing suit is swimming in the water .
a young girl in a swimming pool is jumping in a pool .
a person in a swimming pool .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a little boy is walking down the street .
a child walking with an adult .
a child walking with an adult .
a boy is walking down the street .
a man walking with a child in the street .
a group of people are riding on a boat .
a man in a black dress is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a costume plays a saw .
a group of people wearing headphones .
a boy and girl eating .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a man playing a guitar on stage .
a man is looking at the sky .
an older man looking through a telescope at a picnic .
a man looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
children dressed up in halloween costumes .
a group of children in costumes are watching an event .
a group of children dressed in colorful costumes .
a group of people are walking on the street .
children watching an event .
a group of children dressed in costumes are dancing .
a crowd of people watch as a crowd watches .
a group of people are watching a presentation .
a crowd watches as a crowd watches .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
a group of people are looking at a mirror .
two guys having a conversation .
two men are standing outside of a store .
two men in suits are sitting on a bench .
two men standing in a doorway .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a city street .
a woman on a cellphone talks on her cellphone .
people walking down a street .
a man surfing a wave .
a person is riding a bike .
a biker going down a slope .
a motorcyclist is riding a bike .
a man rides a dirt bike down a dirt road .
a man is standing in a city street .
a dirt biker in the dirt .
a person is raking leaves .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is cutting a football .
a boy in a blue shirt is working on the ground .
a young boy is playing in a yard .
a man raking leaves in a yard .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is sitting in a chair .
a group of people working on a project .
people walking down a street .
a busy street in india .
a group of people are walking through the rain .
a teenager is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a man singing into a microphone .
a person rock climbing .
a black dog in the water .
a man in a hat is standing in front of a laptop .
a man in a white shirt is playing the drums .
a young man in a hat and a baseball cap holding a basketball .
a person rock climbing .
a man in a white shirt is using a microphone .
three people are at a laundry mat .
a group of children are doing a science experiment .
a black and white dog bites at the camera .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are gathered on a sidewalk .
a group of people in paint paint .
two people are standing in front of a fruit stand .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is reading a map .
a white dog walks in the snow .
people looking at a monument .
two children are looking at a statue .
a man and a horse are riding a horse .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
a man prepares to take a picture .
a man standing next to a small fire .
a man stands in front of graffiti .
a person in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a green jacket looks at a wall .
a man is jumping in the air .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
two women walking down the street .
a young girl pushing a wheelbarrow .
an elderly woman is looking at something .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a woman in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is standing at an old woman in an old fashioned dress .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
an elderly lady is walking up a sidewalk .
a man with long brown hair and a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are helping each other .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog jumps into the pool .
a black dog swimming in the water .
a black dog jumping in the air .
a dog is running through the water .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two young children are shoveling snow on a sidewalk .
two children are shoveling snow .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
children shoveling snow in the snow .
a woman speaks at a podium .
a man is giving a speech .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people at the beach .
a team of people in a field .
a group of people playing instruments .
a man working on a roof .
a young child smiles as he walks down the street .
a man playing a musical instrument .
a man working on a roof .
a man is working on a roof .
a man working on a roof .
a woman is doing a handstand on the beach .
a greyhound running in a race .
an indian man is holding an axe .
a cowboy tries to lasso a bull .
two cowboys riding a bull .
a bull is being held by a bull .
a person falling out of a lake .
a person is walking down the street .
three bald men in red shirts are standing in a room .
a group of people are sitting in a city park .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people in the sun .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people in a public place .
a truck in the middle of a truck .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy pointing his finger .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a toddler is pointing up .
a child is pointing up .
a toddler is sitting on a swing .
a toddler is standing in front of a store .
a child wearing winter clothes is pointing at the sky .
a person is walking down the street .
a man carving wood .
a group of people are performing music .
two men are walking down the street .
a city street with buildings in the background .
a boy on a swing .
a group of people looking at art .
a group of people at an event .
people at an exhibit .
a group of asian people are sitting on a bench .
a group of men are sitting at a table and talking .
a woman is running along a road .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a man is falling off a horse .
a little girl is holding something in her hand .
a little girl is holding a white dog in her hand .
a man in a white shirt is walking past a crowd of people .
two women are walking in front of a park bench .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is playing in the yard .
a woman is sitting on a towel .
a man sweeping a hole in a parking lot .
a woman in a towel is brushing her teeth .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
two dogs are playing in the snow .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a man and a woman walk in the grass .
a man and a woman are walking away from the camera .
a man in a green shirt is digging in the grass .
a man with his mouth open and his mouth open .
a man wearing an apron is using a hammer .
a man in an apron is cooking something .
a man in a green apron is using a flashlight in his hand .
two children are playing in the water .
a man swimming in a pool .
a group of people in the water .
a woman in a red hat is holding a red hat .
a man and woman are looking at something .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman wearing hats .
a clown is riding a bike .
a man in a white shirt plays a guitar .
a man is painting a picture of a man .
a young man is putting up paint on a piece of paint .
a man in a suit is standing in front of a wall .
a man is riding a bike .
a young boy in pajamas is playing with a mop .
a small child is vacuuming the floor .
a little boy is playing with a mop .
a little boy is holding a mop .
a little boy is playing with a toy toy .
a young boy is playing with a mop .
a little boy is playing with a mop .
a toddler playing with a mop .
a person in a white shirt is sitting on a bike .
a toddler is playing with a toy toy .
a man in a blue shirt playing the drums .
a group of people in a public place .
a group of people are eating food .
people sitting at a restaurant .
a man is working at a restaurant .
a waiter is sitting in a restaurant .
a waiter is sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a waiter is standing in front of a restaurant .
a waiter working in a restaurant .
construction workers fixing a road .
a jockey in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a horse .
a young boy in a blue shirt is talking on his cellphone .
a small boy is riding a horse .
a group of people are sitting in a rodeo at a rodeo .
a child points at the camera .
a woman in a red shirt is running .
children on a trampoline .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man with long brown hair and a long brown hair with long brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a toddler and girl on a trampoline .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a biker is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike on a sunny day .
a man is doing a flip on a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a woman in a white shirt kissing a man in a white shirt .
a teenager talks on a cellphone .
two people are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
two people are sitting in front of a business .
a group of people are standing outside of a shop .
a man is riding a bike .
people shopping at a fruit stand .
two kids are riding bikes .
a man playing the accordion .
an old man playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a little girl in a pink shirt is doing a handstand .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man in glasses plays a guitar .
a person in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
two women are standing next to each other .
a young man is attempting to balance a toddler on top of a blue bicycle .
a woman in a purple shirt is taking a picture .
a baby is playing with bubbles .
a boy playing in a puddle .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a boy in a green shirt is standing in front of a building .
a group of people watching a fencing competition .
a group of people are watching a fencing competition .
a baby playing with a cellphone .
two men talking to each other .
a group of people are walking together .
a man in a city is standing in a city street .
a group of african american people walking down a road .
a toddler is jumping in the air .
a little boy is jumping on a bed .
a child is jumping on a bed .
a child looking at a display .
a child is sitting in a bathroom .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
a child looking at food .
a group of women waiting in a crowd .
a man is doing a martial arts move .
a woman walking past a brick wall .
two boys are playing with each other in a park .
a boy is sitting next to his friend sitting next to his friend .
a woman in red is walking past a wall .
a person walking down the street .
an adult is standing next to a wall .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a person walking down a street .
two dogs fighting .
a man is using a sewing machine .
a man riding a bucking bronco in a rodeo .
a woman working on a sewing machine .
a group of people marching in a parade .
two women use sewing machine .
a man talks to a man in a white shirt .
a surfer rides a wave .
a child petting a tiger .
a man and a woman are playing a musical instrument .
a man and a woman are playing musical instruments .
a man and a woman play instruments .
a woman in a white shirt and white skirt is playing a banjo with a man in the background .
a person is holding something .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of athletes are playing soccer .
a group of hockey players on the field .
a group of people are playing in a crowd .
two men are playing hockey .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is smiling and smiling .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is holding a phone .
two young girls are sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down a street .
two dogs are running through the grass .
people are walking in a market .
a man and a woman are performing on stage .
a group of people in front of a camera .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a boy in a towel on a beach .
a group of people are walking up a sidewalk .
a boy on a beach in the ocean .
a crowd of people walk down a tree lined street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a boy in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
two women are riding bikes .
a man in a red shirt is jumping in a forest .
a man is bowling .
a woman is bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a couple is cooking in a red kitchen .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a woman playing a guitar .
a woman playing a guitar and sings .
a young woman sings into a microphone .
a woman is performing a dance .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman is holding a guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar and singing .
an asian man in an orange shirt is cleaning the floor .
a baby is pushing a stroller .
a woman is taking pictures .
a man taking a picture .
several men are standing in front of a building .
a group of young men are hanging out of a building .
a group of boys standing in front of a building .
a group of young men standing in front of a building .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a chinese man with a face painted on his face .
a group of people are looking at graffiti .
a man is riding a horse .
a woman in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people are walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
a scientist looking at something .
two women in colorful hats walking down the street .
two women walk down the street .
two women are walking down a busy street .
two women walk down the street .
two women walk down the street .
two women sitting on a bench .
a man is taking notes from a speaker .
an old man cuts a barber 's haircut .
a person is sitting in a chair .
a bicyclist rides through the woods .
a woman talks on a microphone while sitting down .
a man is holding a stick in his hand .
a martial artist is waiting for his opponent .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a man with a sword is holding a sword .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a store .
a man is holding a sword .
a man is holding a sword .
a boy is playing with his friends .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man talking on a cellphone .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs wrestle in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man is blowing bubbles .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a person is riding a bike .
a man in a red car drives a race car .
a group of people on a sunny day .
a baseball player slides into the base while his opponent tries to block him .
a baseball player slides down the slide .
a baseball player trying to block the ball .
a woman in a red shirt is running on a track .
a group of people are laying down on a stage .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are performing in front of a crowd .
a crowd of people perform for a crowd .
a group of people watching a performance .
two people posing for a picture .
two people are posing for a picture .
a group of artists taking pictures of two artists .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a group of people pose for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a crowd .
street artist performing for an audience .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are getting ready for a performance .
people walking down a city street .
a group of people on a river .
a man in a white shirt is climbing up a step .
a girl in a bathing suit is playing in the ocean .
a young child is playing on a bed .
people playing music in a cafe .
a boy pushes a cart down a street .
two dogs running through the water .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a wooden bench .
a man and a dog are running through the woods .
two dogs are standing in the water .
a group of people dressed in costumes .
a man in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a boy in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing next to a car .
a group of people in a laboratory .
a man in a black shirt is taking pictures .
a dog walks in the forest .
a black and white dog is drinking water .
a man sitting on a chair on a chair .
a man in a leather jacket taking pictures of a car .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a small vehicle .
a girl in a red shirt is eating a sandwich .
a man driving a motorcycle .
a man driving a motorcycle .
students sitting in a circle in a circle .
a group of girls sitting on the floor in front of a small girl sitting on the floor .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a man in a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
a young girl in shorts and a t shirt is baking corn .
a surfer is surfing .
a young child enjoys a snack .
a man is working on a project .
an old man wearing a hat and glasses with a white robe .
a man in a white shirt is using an electronic device .
a man sitting in front of a computer .
a man is working on a computer .
a dog leaps into the water .
a brown dog is running through the grass .
a dog is running through water .
a dog in a lake .
a dog jumps in the water .
a man is standing next to a stack of hats .
a man doing tricks on a bike .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a young boy in a blue shirt is working in the snow .
a man preparing food in a kitchen .
a young boy in a blue shirt is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man is riding a bike at a skate park .
a woman in a bathing suit is standing in shallow water .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a band performs in a stadium .
a little girl is swimming in the water .
a group of people are walking in a parade .
a group of children are playing outside .
a band performs on a stage .
a band performs on stage .
two girls playing basketball .
a man in a blue coat is walking down the street .
a woman taking a picture of two dogs .
a woman with two dogs with two dogs .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is taking pictures of two dogs .
a young girl is playing basketball .
two girls competing in a basketball game .
two girls playing basketball .
two girls playing basketball .
a man is swimming in the water .
a man in a white shirt is trying to make his way through the water .
a man kayaking in a river .
a man in a blue shirt is paddling a boat .
a man in a kayak in a kayak .
a guy looking into the distance .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at a camera while another man in the background watches .
three people posing for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a man in a white t shirt with an american flag in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a man in a black cap is sitting on a bench .
three people are playing outside .
three people are walking down the street .
a group of young adults are hanging out of a building .
a group of people having a conversation .
a little girl is playing with a boy in a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
two teams playing soccer .
a surfer rides a wave .
a person in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a boy with dark hair is standing in the water .
a young boy is falling into the water .
two children at a wedding party .
a group of children playing tug of war .
two children play in the sand .
a group of children are playing together .
a group of children are playing soccer .
two children are playing in the sand .
a child is playing in the water .
a toddler is swinging on a playground .
a child on a playground .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game .
a young man in a white shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy is playing at a playground .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing on the grass .
a boy playing with a string toy .
a baby playing with a toy toy .
a female martial artist is practicing martial arts .
a child with a toy in his mouth .
two girls playing with hula hoops .
two girls are playing on the sidewalk .
a child is playing in a car .
a group of people are watching a woman in a blue shirt .
a young soccer player chasing after a soccer ball .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a crowd of people are gathered around a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is playing with a basketball .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is selling food .
a father and daughter sitting in a forest .
a group of people at work .
a girl in a bathing suit swims in a pool .
a group of children are playing in the water .
a group of people are playing volleyball .
a woman is drawing on the ground .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a group of people are standing in a crowd .
a martial arts demonstration of a group of people .
a group of people practicing martial arts .
a group of martial arts students are practicing martial arts .
a group of people are holding cameras .
a woman in a white shirt is painting a picture .
people practicing martial arts .
three photographers taking pictures .
a woman sitting on a sidewalk with chalk .
a woman drawing a picture on the sidewalk .
a lady playing with chalk on the ground .
a woman is drawing outside .
an artist is working on the sidewalk .
a kayaker flies through the air .
an eagle looks at the ground .
an eagle flying through the air .
a bird is flying through the water .
three people are walking down the street .
a woman is putting something on a piece of paper .
a woman working with yarn .
a young girl is playing softball .
a woman is working next to a loom .
a soccer player dressed in red is running .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a red uniform is jumping in the air .
a bride and groom getting married .
a man in a white shirt is playing a game .
a party party with a party .
a woman working on a project .
a family is sitting in front of a group of people .
a man playing the drums .
a man is getting ready to take a picture .
three people playing music in a band .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a rock band performs on stage .
a man in a white shirt is reading a newspaper .
a man is waiting for a train .
a man is watching a train stop .
a man is watching a train .
a young man smokes a cigarette in a kitchen .
a young man is smoking a cigarette .
a man with tattoos is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a counter .
a tattooed man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans smokes a cigarette .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man smokes a cigarette in a kitchen .
a man is holding a rolling pin and smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is smoking a cigarette in a kitchen .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
an elderly woman is sleeping on her back while sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog shaking off water .
two soccer players struggle for the soccer ball .
people crossing a busy street .
a boy looking at something .
pedestrians walk down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a museum view of a museum .
two men working on a machine .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are working outside .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are working on a machine .
a blond man and a woman are walking down the street .
two women are having a conversation .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are dancing .
a girl is taking a photo .
two men are operating a piece of machinery .
two women are walking down the street .
three asian people smiling and smiling .
three adults are holding cups of cups .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
two men and a woman are holding drinks .
a woman in a hat is standing next to a man wearing a hat and a hat .
a woman is talking to two men wearing hats .
a group of people are sitting around a table .
people walking around a busy market .
a woman is standing in a marketplace .
a woman standing next to a railing .
two women in a market .
two women walking down the street .
a group of women in dresses are walking down the street .
two women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a city street in the rain .
two women are working outside a building .
children playing with a net .
a child is playing on a rope .
a child is playing a game on a net .
a child is playing on a wooden net .
a child is on a rope rope .
a woman is helping a computer .
two women are working on a computer .
a woman is using a laptop computer .
a woman is teaching another woman how to use a laptop .
two women are sitting around a computer .
two women are standing next to each other .
a group of people are walking down a street .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two men are selling balloons .
two vendors walk down the street .
a young boy is sitting on a bench in the sun .
a man is laying down on a bench .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a man lies on a towel on a towel .
a man in a green shirt is standing in the grass .
a toddler is climbing a rock .
people taking pictures .
a coffee shop sits outside a coffee shop .
a model is looking at something .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman on a cellphone is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a white shirt is riding a crowd .
a group of people taking a break on a sunny day .
two men are laying cement tile blocks .
a man is putting cement on a cement floor .
a man is laying tile on a tile floor .
a man lays bricks on the sidewalk .
a group of people are watching a performance .
two women are running .
a man with tattoos on his head is singing into a microphone .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is getting a haircut .
a man in a white shirt is working on a project .
four people riding scooters on scooters .
three bikers ride on a trail .
a group of adults are riding scooters .
a group of people are on scooters .
people riding scooters on scooters .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two football players in front of a crowd .
a young boy wearing a cap and a baseball cap is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of men in a street .
runners are running down the street .
a young woman in a crowd of motorcycles .
a woman is competing in a competition .
a woman running in a marathon .
a person running in a race .
a woman in a green shirt is running .
a woman in a green shirt is running a race .
a group of people are running .
a woman in a red shirt is looking at a race .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a man is doing a trick on stage .
a group of women dressed in native costumes are dancing .
a group of dancers are dancing .
a band performs on stage .
a group of pigeons on the ground .
a group of people dressed in colorful costumes .
two women are standing on the road .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a dog is jumping in the air .
two dogs are standing near a tennis net .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of young adults at a party .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of people dancing .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is looking at something .
a group of people are playing in the snow .
a group of people at a gathering .
a group of people at a party .
people talking to each other .
a group of people at night at night .
an asian man is sitting in front of a body of water .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a car .
a group of people having a barbecue .
a man is performing a trick on his bike .
a person doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man doing a trick on a bike .
a young boy is doing tricks on a bike .
a band plays music .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a building .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
two dogs are running through the grass .
three dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are standing in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
three dogs play in the snow .
three dogs running in the grass .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman is playing piano .
a group of people on a boat .
a brown haired woman is playing a guitar .
a group of people on a cruise ship .
a man in a blue shirt is hitting a baseball in a parking lot .
a woman is singing and playing an accordion .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a television .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a woman are sitting on a sofa .
three people are standing in a living room .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people are kissing .
a group of people hanging out in a room .
a boy is holding an umbrella .
a man is rollerblading down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a group of people gathered around a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a black shirt is crossing the street .
a group of people are standing around a camera .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a city street .
a man is skating down a ramp .
a man in a blue shirt is skating down a ramp .
a skateboarder performs a trick in midair .
a man is rollerskating in front of stairs .
a guy doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is picking up dust on a car .
two children are riding on a horse .
a large group of people in a crowded place .
a red car drives through fire .
a man holding a child on his shoulders .
a blond boy with blond hair is smiling .
a man in a blue shirt with a child in the background .
a child is holding a child .
a man holding a child on his shoulders .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
a child playing in the snow .
a group of people at a concert .
a couple posing for a picture in front of a group of people .
a couple is posing for a picture in a fallen tree .
a man holding a wooden net in a canoe .
a man playing the clarinet .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a man playing the clarinet .
a man in a white shirt plays the drums .
an artist is painting a van .
a man and a dog in a canoe .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in the street .
a man is laying on the ground .
a man and a dog are rowing a canoe .
a mountain biker rides a mountain .
a dirt biker rides his bike past trees .
a person riding a bike .
a man standing by a poster .
a man doing a jump on a snowboard .
two dogs run in the grass .
the back of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back .
two people are kissing .
a couple kissing .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man and a woman kiss .
a group of young children in blue and red uniforms are playing instruments .
a choir is singing on a balcony .
a man is speaking to a group of people .
a fruit market .
people shopping outside of a store .
a group of children sing into microphones .
an outdoor market at night .
a basketball player playing basketball .
two women jogging down the street .
two women are walking on a city street .
two people walk down the street .
two men jogging down the street .
two men jump over a plane .
a pitcher throwing a ball .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a pole .
a child is looking at something .
a man is running down the street .
a man jogging down the street .
a woman is running past a snow covered hill .
a person with red hair is jogging down the street with a heart drawn on its door .
a red haired woman is jogging down the sidewalk .
a man with red hair and a red shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a blue dress is running in front of a building .
a woman is running in a race .
a woman is talking to a customer .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a woman is reading a book .
a woman is sitting at a table with a computer in her hand .
a woman is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing in front of a microphone .
a snowboarder in the air .
a man is working on a building .
a man is riding a bike on a sunny day .
a woman is standing in a doorway .
a woman standing by a door .
a woman is standing outside of an old building .
a building with a building in the background .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
an adult is standing in front of a building .
a young woman wearing a red shirt is standing in front of a store .
a woman is standing in a doorway waiting for something .
a little girl is holding a baby .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding a child .
a woman is holding her child .
a woman holding a baby .
a man standing by a sign .
an old woman is holding a baby .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a woman is holding a baby .
an asian woman smiles while holding her child .
a woman is smiling and smiling .
a group of people riding horses .
protesters are holding signs .
protesters holding signs .
a crowd of people are protesting .
protesters protesting a street .
a crowd of protesters hold up signs .
protesters protesting in front of protesters .
a crowd of protesters in the street .
a group of people are protesting .
a group of protesters holding signs .
a group of people having a party .
a group of african american people are playing in a circle .
a couple sits outside of a building .
a woman with a camera is holding a camera .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
two people sitting on a bench .
two people sit on a stone bench .
a man and a woman are walking down a city street .
two people sitting on a bench .
a man is running towards the camera .
a child is standing in the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting next to a waterfall .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
two horses running towards the finish line .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl in a green shirt is standing in a green shirt .
a woman in a tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a green outfit stands on a train track .
a woman standing on a train train .
a girl walks down the street in front of a train car .
a girl in a green top is standing on a train track with a train in the background .
a girl standing in the middle of a train track with a train in the background .
a woman taking pictures of a train .
a girl is standing on a train track .
a person is standing on a train tracks .
a girl is standing next to a railroad tracks .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a girl standing in a railroad track .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a person climbing a rock wall .
a monk is praying .
a man is praying .
a group of people are standing in front of a large statue .
a group of people wearing helmets .
a man praying .
two men are playing pool .
a child in a blue shirt is watching a child .
a man standing next to a billboard .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a group of children are watching a group of children .
a group of children are learning how to use a present .
a group of young children are watching a young boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans .
a group of children are sitting on the floor watching a television .
a group of children are practicing asleep in a park .
a young boy in a blue shirt is posing in a crowd .
a small boy is smiling in a crowd .
a small boy poses in a crowd of people .
a man smiles at the camera .
a young boy in a blue shirt is crying in a crowd .
a group of people are laying down on a couch .
a cowboy is playing with a tire .
a black and white dog is shaking his teeth .
a group of dogs playing with a tire .
a dog holding a tire in its mouth .
a dog chews on a tire tire .
a person in a white shirt is waiting for the ball .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bus .
an old man is sitting in a truck with a door .
an elderly person is sitting in the street with a door door .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a truck .
a group of people watching an event .
two children are playing a game of monopoly .
a black male in a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a girl taking a picture of a group of people .
a group of people are gathered in a crowd .
a crowd of people are dancing outside .
a crowd of people are standing outside of a building .
a dark nightclub in a dark nightclub .
a nightclub in a nightclub .
a nightclub in a nightclub .
a man is sitting at a club in front of a club .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a group of women in a room .
a girl in a white shirt is standing in a bar .
a skateboarder balances on a rail .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
three boys are competing in a race .
three boys are competing in a race .
a group of people are in the middle of a street .
a group of people in a bar .
a large white dog is being chased by a large dog .
a couple holding their newborn baby .
two men cleaning the windows of a building .
two men working on a roof .
two men are working on a railroad station .
a group of men wearing yellow jackets are standing in a field .
two men are cleaning the street .
two men are taking notes .
a group of cars wait for a race .
a lady is holding a ticket .
a woman in a white shirt is watching a woman ride a bicycle .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a woman is holding a paper .
a person is competing in a competition .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a man and a child walk down the street .
a crowd watches a tennis match .
a group of people dressed up in costumes .
two men are walking down the street .
a man and a toddler are watching the water .
a woman in a red shirt is kissing a man in a red shirt .
a man is holding an electronic device .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a lady reading a book in front of a body of water .
a woman lays on a pier overlooking the water .
a person in a city is walking down a city street .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a woman reading a book .
a group of people laying on the floor .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are getting ready to eat .
two people are having a conversation .
a man is standing in the rain .
two men sitting at a table drinking beer .
a man in a white shirt is dancing on a sidewalk .
two men are talking to each other .
a woman in a white shirt is preparing food .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a lady in a white shirt is preparing food .
a woman wearing a red apron and a red apron is looking at something .
a woman is cooking a pot with a smile on her face .
a group of people sitting at a table .
the train driver is talking to the train .
a girl is playing in the snow .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs are walking on a track next to a field .
two dogs walk along a path .
two women are petting a deer on a beach .
two women are at a park .
a black and white dog runs through the sand .
a group of people are standing in a field .
people eating in front of a hotel .
people walking past a restaurant .
a group of people walk down the sidewalk .
a group of people walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people are walking on a sidewalk in front of a tent .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people wearing backpacks .
a group of people are climbing up a snowy mountain .
a group of people are gathered around a map .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are looking at a map .
a group of people looking at a map .
people looking at a map .
a black dog swims in the water .
two hikers are looking at the scenery .
a woman in a white shirt is using a mop .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
a kid is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a boy slides down a ramp .
a woman is vacuuming the carpet .
a man in a white shirt is looking at some puppies .
a group of people riding horses .
a group of women in bathing suits are playing in the water .
a woman is holding a vacuum cleaner .
a group of people are dancing .
a man on a lake in a lake .
a group of young people are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is looking at something .
a man in a canoe in a canoe .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in a boat .
a person is sitting on the water .
a man in a life jacket is paddling a boat .
a man is sitting on a boat .
a man is rowing a canoe in the water .
a group of people are getting ready to enter the dumpster .
a man in a hat is standing next to a woman with an umbrella .
three dogs are running .
a man wearing glasses is reading a book on an outdoor bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a woman sits next to a woman with an umbrella .
three people fishing at a lake .
a man with no shirt on is standing on his head .
a man is holding a white dog .
a man and two children are fishing at a lake .
a man and two children fishing at a lake .
a man and a young girl are playing fish .
three people are standing on a pier .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are holding fishing poles .
a group of people are fishing .
a man working on a computer .
a man is kneeling on a bench .
two men are digging a hole in the yard .
a bmx rider jumps through the air .
a man is doing a stunt on a bicycle .
people dancing at an outdoor event .
the biker is doing a trick in the air .
three kids playing soccer .
a man is standing on a soccer ball while another woman watches .
a little girl is sitting on the grass next to a young boy .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
two people are standing in a garbage bin .
a kid is sitting on a soccer ball .
a child is sitting on a swing .
a kid is sitting on a soccer ball with a soccer ball .
a child is sitting on a park bench .
kid playing soccer at a park .
a group of people are in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt rides a tricycle .
a group of people are crosscountry skiing .
a skier rides through the snow .
a group of people riding bikes on a sunny day .
two dogs play in the snow .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing jeans , are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are walking on a sidewalk .
two men are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a boy in a blue jacket is standing on the beach .
a girl in a white shirt and blue jeans is jumping in the air .
a young girl is performing on a stage .
a group of people are dancing .
a young boy on a sand dune .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a boy in a blue shirt is holding his foot .
a child carrying a stuffed animal .
two young girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are working on a
three children are practicing martial arts in a large room .
three children are waiting in a room in a room .
a group of children are playing on stage .
a group of children standing in a room .
three kids practicing martial arts .
three kids in a yellow and white martial arts match .
two young boys practicing martial arts .
a group of young children are practicing martial arts .
a group of children are practicing martial arts .
three kids practicing martial arts .
three children are practicing martial arts .
three kids are practicing martial arts in a martial arts class .
three kids are performing martial arts .
two children are practicing martial arts .
a dog runs through the woods .
three girls in martial arts outfits are fighting .
a group of girls are doing martial arts .
female martial artists practicing martial arts .
three young girls are competing in a race .
two girls practicing martial arts .
a group of people are skateboarding .
a young boy is playing in the snow .
a man is holding his guitar .
a black and white dog is laying down in the grass .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a woman is looking down .
a lady is holding something .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of girls dancing .
a woman is playing with her dog .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
a band performs on stage .
a man is preparing food .
a dog and a girl play tug of war .
an older man is taking a ride in a carriage .
shoppers are looking out at the camera .
a soccer player in a red jersey is trying to catch the ball .
a group of people in a store .
a boy is holding a plate of food .
a little girl is playing in the sand .
a man laying on a street with people walking around .
a young boy playing with a toy toy .
a child is holding an object .
a group of children are competing in a race .
a group of men are lined up on a blue wall .
children are playing ice hockey .
a group of people are preparing to prepare fish .
three men are standing near a body of water .
a group of men are working at a body of water .
three men are filling fish .
three men are working on fish .
a little girl is playing checkers .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a project .
a group of men are fishing in the water .
three people are on a beach .
a child is sitting in a car .
two guys fighting .
two men practicing martial arts .
an elderly man in an orange shirt is carving the fish .
two men are practicing martial arts .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting a cake .
a man in a white shirt serving a meal .
a bald man is sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is preparing dinner .
a man preparing meat at a restaurant .
a man and a woman are cutting a recipe in a kitchen .
three children in a classroom .
three young children in a classroom .
a group of children in a classroom .
three children are writing .
children are sitting in a classroom .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child writing in a notebook .
a classroom full of students with computers .
a man jumping into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is standing behind a net .
a man is jumping in the air .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is riding a bicycle .
a man is playing volleyball .
a child playing on a playground equipment .
a man in a red shirt is playing soccer .
a man in red shorts jumping in the air .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is playing a banjo .
a man is sitting on a bench under a tree .
a man in a white shirt is playing a banjo .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man sitting on a bench playing the accordion .
a man in sandals plays a musical instrument .
a man in a white shirt is playing the accordion .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man sits in front of a large bird .
a man playing a banjo in a park .
a man is listening to music .
two men are sitting on a bus .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a boy and an adult are playing checkers in a room .
a boy is looking at a wooden board .
a boy is playing checkers .
a room full of people sitting in folding chairs .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man in a white shirt stands by a house .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a room .
a man stands over a bed .
a man in a white shirt is looking over a mop bed .
a man in a business suit takes a bath .
kids playing a game of checkers .
two children are playing a board game .
a group of children are playing a game .
a group of children playing soccer .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a group of children are playing together .
a group of people are in a factory .
a woman in a black tank top is stretching .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a young boy with a camera is holding a camera .
a group of people are on the ground .
a small child standing by flowers .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child with dark hair is standing on a road with flowers in the background .
a child is standing outside of a building .
a child standing outside of a building .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is inspecting a piece of machinery .
a hiker is hiking through the woods .
a baby is playing with bubbles in the sink .
a baby in a blue shirt is holding a baby .
a man is walking on rocks .
a man in a blue shirt is taking off his shirt in front of a river .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a body of water .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man standing outside of a building .
a baby is playing with dough in a kitchen .
bride and groom getting married .
an asian man in a black t shirt is rollerskating .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are holding rainbow flags .
a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
a group of people having drinks and drinks .
two women are drinking beer .
a small group of people standing at the edge of a body of water .
people standing near a body of water .
a group of people looking out at a harbor .
workers in orange vests work on a tunnel .
a family walks by a harbor .
a group of people are working together .
two dogs play in the sand .
a dirt biker rides through a field .
a crowd of people watch a motorcycle .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is preparing food .
two people are making bread .
a woman in a pink hat is standing in front of a crowd .
people waiting for a game .
a group of men stand in front of a bar .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man sitting on a bench talking on his laptop while talking on his laptop .
a man working on a laptop .
a man is using a laptop laptop .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man sitting on a bench talking on his cellphone .
a man on a cellphone talks on his cellphone .
three young men are sitting on a bench .
a group of men sitting around a table .
three guys drinking beer .
three men are drinking beer .
three men drinking beer .
a man talking on his cellphone on a computer .
a girl is picking up plants .
a child in a green shirt is planting a tree .
a child holding a hose .
a child runs through the grass .
a man in a blue shirt is running on a track .
a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a river .
teenagers are riding bikes on a sunny day .
a man is doing a handstand with his fingers .
a shirtless man is making a heart sign .
a man in a blue shirt is making a pose for a photographer .
a man is making a peace sign .
a man making a heart sign .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is running through the grass .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is singing on stage .
a dog laying on its back on its back .
a dog runs through grass .
a group of people are at a restaurant .
two people are being held by a helicopter .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a suit is singing into a microphone .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a person in a white shirt and black pants is walking down a street .
a man in a black shirt is playing the drums .
a man in a colorful outfit is singing into a microphone .
a man singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt sings into a microphone .
two boys playing in a cart .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is cutting up a large white dog .
a dog runs through flowers .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is walking down the street .
a dog walks through a field .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog walks through the grass .
a man in a white shirt is cutting up a microscope .
two men working on a project .
two men are cutting a cow .
a man in a green t shirt with a green t shirt on is looking at the camera .
two men are cutting up a cow to a cow .
a black and white dog stands near plants .
a brown dog is walking through the garden .
a man in a blue shirt is driving a blue bus .
a surfer rides a wave in the ocean .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a surfer rides a wave .
a dog runs on the grass .
a man is holding a cup .
a man is driving a car with a cup in his hand .
a surfer rides a wave .
two children are jumping up in the air .
a group of people in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of adults raising their hands .
a bearded man with a beard with a beard is using a hammer .
a group of people are putting their hands in the air .
a class of students in a classroom .
a man in a white shirt is carrying a log .
a man carrying a piece of wood .
a person carrying a log in his hand .
a man is carrying six logs in a field .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is paddling a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is carrying logs in his hands .
two men pose for a picture .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a store .
a man taking a picture .
two guys taking pictures .
men taking pictures of a tree .
photographers taking pictures in a park .
a man in a crowd of people in a crowd .
two young boys are running down the street .
a dog runs through a field of grass .
a baby is drinking coffee .
a group of cars parked on a road .
a young boy runs towards a woman in a white shirt .
a woman in a blue shirt and pink skirt is holding her arms out .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a child .
a woman is reaching out to a child .
a woman in a blue jacket is standing next to a woman in a blue jacket .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding her hand .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman in a blue shirt is bending down on the sidewalk .
a woman and a young boy are walking together .
a young boy is running towards a woman with softball arms .
a young boy in a jacket is running towards a woman in a jacket .
a young boy running towards the camera .
a boy in a blue shirt is running towards an audience .
a dog jumps in the air .
a baby in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is eating food .
a man playing with a brown dog .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man is holding a flashlight .
protesters hold signs to protest their flags for protest .
a man sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant .
three men are racing on skateboards .
a group of bicyclists are in the air .
two skateboarders going down a hill .
a snowboarder wearing protective gear is snowboarding .
a team of soccer players playing basketball .
three men are competing in a competition .
a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are sitting at a table drinking wine .
a group of people are fishing .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a child eats a snack .
a woman in a white shirt is reaching for something .
people sitting in grass near a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people relax outside a tree .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child is playing in the water .
a fire in a fire .
a group of people are walking under a structure .
a woman points at a man .
a man is rock climbing .
two teams are playing soccer .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man wearing a helmet is climbing a rock .
a man in a white helmet and a white helmet rides a bike .
a young man in a white outfit is climbing a rock .
a young man in a blue shirt is putting on a rope .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man climbing up a rock wall .
a man in a harness climbing a rock wall .
a young child in a white shirt eating .
a flock of birds running through the street .
a group of people in the water .
a dog digs in the sand .
a group of young girls dressed in colorful clothing .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman looking through a telescope .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting in a chair .
a woman is looking at something .
two women are sitting on a bench .
people walking down a street .
a man in a sports uniform runs down the field .
a football player in a red jersey is on a football field .
a man in a blue shirt is performing a stunt on stage .
a man standing on stage with a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is performing on stage .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt is working on something .
a man in a black shirt is using a large piece of paper .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a person in a striped shirt is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a person with a tattoo on her face .
a group of people are watching an event .
a man playing with a toy toy .
a mother is walking with a child in a stroller .
a soccer team is celebrating a game .
a red team is being held by a red team .
a soccer team celebrating .
a soccer team celebrating the ball .
a sports team celebrating a victory .
a soccer player in a red jersey is attempting to throw the ball .
two rugby players in white uniforms are attempting to tackle the ball .
a football player tries to tackle the ball while another player tries to tackle him .
two rugby players playing rugby .
two rugby players playing rugby .
two teams playing rugby .
two soccer players are playing soccer .
a team of football players are working on the field .
soccer players playing soccer .
a soccer player is holding up a soccer ball .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a person is riding a bicycle in the woods .
a man is riding a bike down the street .
a person carries his bike up a hill .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a young boy is selling fruit on the ground .
a young boy sits by a vegetable stand .
a woman sitting on the ground on the ground .
a person in a green shirt sitting by a fence .
a girl sits next to a fruit stand .
a person in a green shirt is sitting on the ground with fruit .
a woman sits next to a fence near a fence .
a man in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person sits in front of a body of water .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a person in a green shirt is sitting on a bench .
a girl riding her bike on the street .
a military man in camouflage uniform holds a large gun while another man in the background looks on .
three people are walking down the street .
a girl and a girl are sitting on a couch .
a woman with red hair is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is showing another person .
a girl with long brown hair and a long brown hair with long brown hair is sitting in a chair .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
two young girls playing in a field .
a girl is standing outside of a building .
a woman with blond hair and a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a group of people walking down the street .
a city square in the city .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are talking in a kitchen .
two women are planting rice in a field .
two women are sitting in water .
six women are standing in front of a building .
a group of people working in a rice paddy .
two children washing their hands .
a group of cars parked on the road .
a man and a woman sit at a table .
a group of parked cars parked on the street .
a person laying in the grass .
a man in a red coat is skiing down a parking lot .
a tourist walks down the road .
two men sitting at a table .
two men sit at a table at a table .
a person is riding a bike .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting on the floor .
a couple kissing .
a family is shopping in a mall .
a group of people at an event .
a team on a boat in the water .
a group of people are gathered around a fire .
a blond woman in a brown coat works on a computer .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is falling into the air .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is playing golf .
a golfer is playing with a ball in the sand .
two soccer players are running .
a family enjoying the day .
people are sitting at a table drinking wine .
a group of people at night at night .
a group of people are sitting at a table at night .
a group of people are playing outside .
a group of people are standing at a table .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a little girl is holding something in her hand .
men playing soccer on a field .
two men in a ceremony .
two men in blue jackets stand in line .
police officers at a desk .
a girl in blue is playing volleyball .
a couple kiss together .
several bicyclists jump in the air .
a volleyball player is getting ready to hit the ball .
two men competing in a martial arts match .
a group of bikers riding bikes over a dirt course .
people on motorcycles .
a group of people are dancing .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a woman in a red jacket wearing a red jacket .
a man doing a handstand on a trampoline .
two men are performing a dance .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people sitting on a snowy mountain overlooking the mountains .
two people are kissing .
two soccer players trying to get ready to throw the ball .
a skier on a snowy mountain .
a teenager and her daughter are walking in public .
a dog is running through water .
a child looking out of a window .
a group of children in a field in a field .
a woman is reading sheet music .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a boy in a white shirt is jumping in a creek in a creek .
a group of people standing in front of a large building .
a boy in a blue shirt is throwing a rock .
a child in a blue shirt is sweeping the ground .
a boy in a tan jacket is standing in a driveway .
a small boy in a red shirt is standing in front of a small building .
a man is sweeping a porch .
a child in a blue shirt is sweeping the street .
two children jumping in the air .
two soccer players are talking .
a skater in a blue shirt is doing a handstand on a skateboard .
kids playing in a park .
two children playing in a park .
a group of children are walking on a sidewalk .
children running in a park .
three children are playing in the park in a park .
a dirt bike rider flies off of a ramp .
a group of people in a race .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man wearing a black jacket and black pants is walking down the street .
children playing in the street .
a man in a blue shirt and gray pants is walking down the sidewalk .
a woman holding a paper .
a person is reading a book .
a woman is reading a newspaper while reading a newspaper .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is riding a dirt bike .
a man is working with a tool on a wheel .
people are riding on a ride .
a child is smiling while holding something .
a football player on the ground .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is diving into a pool .
a baseball player in a red jersey is attempting to hit the ball .
a man is trying to catch a tennis ball .
a baseball player prepares to catch the ball .
a man playing baseball .
a baseball player tries to catch the ball .
a baseball player in a baseball field .
two females hugging each other .
a group of girls sitting at a table .
four men are having a conversation .
four men having a conversation .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of men are having a conversation .
four men having a conversation .
a group of men dressed in white shirts are standing in front of a building .
two dogs run through a field .
a woman is standing in front of a group of people .
a little girl is talking to her friend .
a group of friends gathered around a table .
a group of friends having a conversation .
a group of friends having a conversation .
a group of friends having a conversation .
a group of people having a dinner party .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a dog is sitting on the ground .
a construction worker in a yellow shirt is working on a construction site .
a large construction vehicle is parked on the street .
a large white vehicle parked in the street .
the back of the vehicle is driving down the road .
a large construction vehicle on a street corner .
a person is holding her dog while eating .
a man in a blue shirt is listening to someone .
a black and white dog is eating a meal .
a brunette is walking through the street .
a baby in a blue shirt is being held by water .
a woman in black is standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people racing down a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking on a street .
a woman standing in the shade .
three skateboarders are doing tricks on a bike .
a man eating ice cream cone .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
two women sitting by a loom .
a group of young girls are laughing .
a woman and girl sitting on a tile floor .
a woman and girl sitting on the floor .
a woman and girl sitting on the floor .
three boys are sitting in a building .
a group of children are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a lady and a girl are standing in front of a white cloth .
a group of people are looking at hay .
three people are walking down the street .
three people are hugging each other .
a girl with her mouth open in a photo .
a man and a little girl are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of women are practicing crafts .
two women , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are dancing on a sidewalk .
two women are working together .
two women are practicing crafts .
two women , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are dancing with several other people .
a man is looking at a telescope .
a man and a little girl in a room .
a young girl sits next to an old woman .
a young girl is sitting next to a woman in a white shirt .
a girl and a woman are standing next to each other .
two women sitting next to each other .
a young girl in a pink dress is sitting in a chair .
a man is carrying a woman in a white shirt .
a man and a woman are at a beach .
a man holding a little girl holding a little girl .
a man is standing on the beach at the beach .
a man carries a little girl on a beach .
a man is holding a little girl .
a man in a bathing suit is holding a girl in a bathing suit .
a man in a blue shirt is carrying his girlfriend 's arm .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
two dogs play in the water .
a person is preparing food .
two people are walking through the snow .
a group of people are cooking .
an old couple walking down the street .
two chinese people at a restaurant .
a person jumping over a hill .
a person in a pink shirt is holding a pink bowl .
a person is running down a snowy hill .
a snowboarder jumps down a hill .
a man in a jacket working on a motorcycle .
a man is sitting on a motorcycle .
a rugby player runs on the field .
a snowboarder in the air .
a man in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are looking at a little girl .
a man talking on his cellphone .
a boy talks on his cellphone .
four men standing behind a counter .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man and a woman practicing ballet .
a man and his son are holding a dog .
a woman laying on a bed .
a man skiing down a slope .
a person skiing down a mountain .
a young girl in a pink shirt is sitting in a bed .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting in a bed .
a woman dressed in black is standing on top of a bed .
a woman is laying on a bed .
two women wearing hats are wearing hats .
a person in a long black coat walks down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing in front of a sign .
a group of people are looking at each other .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people laying on the ground .
a group of people are standing on the ground .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man walks by a building .
a group of people are gathered in a subway station .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a subway station train station .
people standing in a subway .
a train station in the city .
a group of protesters gathered in front of a banner .
people on a subway platform .
a surfer rides a wave .
a group of people at a gathering .
a person is standing on the beach .
a man surfing a wave .
a person is sitting on a raft in the water .
a man skiing on skis .
a woman wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
people watching a soccer match .
a black and white dog plays in the grass .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a man is using a coffee cup .
a bus with people on it .
martial arts students practicing martial arts .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
kids practicing martial arts .
two kids are practicing martial arts .
young children practicing karate in front of their teacher .
asian man pushing food outside .
a man in a blue shirt is handing food on the street .
a man walks down the sidewalk .
a worker in a hard hat is sitting on a bench .
two children playing in the water .
a man is chopping a tree .
a person is sitting on a rock with a hammer .
a man rock climbing .
a man in a colorful shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt working on a roof .
a dog catches a frisbee .
a bird in the air .
a woman reaches out of a car .
a little girl is walking through the rain .
a child is holding her hand while holding a child .
a person stands in front of a sign .
a hiker with a backpack stands at the top of a mountain .
the bird is on the beach .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man wearing makeup is looking up .
a woman in a red jacket is walking down a street .
a dog in the grass .
a woman and a boy hold signs .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a woman and a boy are holding signs .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
a boy and girl posing for a picture .
a woman rides a bus .
a man and a woman are making peace signs .
two guys playing a musical instrument .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a man climbing a tree .
men loading up a truck .
a woman wearing black pants and a black shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman looking at the menu in front of a green truck .
a woman is standing in line .
a woman is serving food from a restaurant .
a young girl in a pink and white bikini swimming in a pool .
a girl in pink is standing outside of a building .
two women in front of a truck .
a blond woman is sitting on a bus .
two dogs playing with a ball .
a group of children are waiting for a class .
two girls are petting horses in front of a carriage .
people standing near a bus stop .
students are sitting on a bus .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
a man holding a drink .
a construction worker is having a drink .
a construction worker working on a construction project .
a man holding a drink .
a construction worker in a white shirt is taking a picture .
a group of people are eating food .
a young woman is talking on a cellphone .
two men are riding motorcycles .
a woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
two men are riding down a street .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
the back of the vehicle is in the air .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a person in a jacket jumps over a quad on a quad .
a person riding a quad on a quad .
a person in a tan jacket is walking down the street .
a person on a quad jumping over a fence .
a person is jumping in the air in a small building .
people standing by a yellow machine .
workers are inspecting a large machine .
a man and a child are sitting on a bench .
a couple watching the sunset .
a group of people watching the sunset .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a man sitting on a blue blanket .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a father and his son are standing outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a stroller .
a band performs on stage .
a group of young boys are performing martial arts .
a boy in a blue shirt and a boy in a blue shirt are performing a dance .
a man and a woman play musical instruments .
a young man in a white shirt is singing on stage .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a dog with a tennis ball .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a toddler is sitting on a swing .
a man washing windows .
three boys playing on a slide .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a woman in a white shirt is standing next to a piano .
a girl is playing a piano at a piano .
a woman reading a book .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a group of people are fighting .
a group of people having a pillow fight .
a woman is holding something in her hand .
a group of people throwing a basketball .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a woman enjoying a drink .
a man in a white shirt is looking up .
a man in a white shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a car drives down the road .
a car parked on a racetrack .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike on a dirt road .
two police officers on the side of the road .
a man in a white shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a skateboarder does a trick on a rail .
a man wearing a red shirt and brown pants is balancing on a skateboard on a skateboard .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a skateboarder is skateboarding .
a man reading a book .
a boat flies through the water .
an elderly woman is reading a paper .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a group of people sitting on a deck .
a woman running in a race .
two women talk at a table .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table in a restaurant .
two women talking on a cellphone .
two women having a conversation .
two women sitting in a restaurant .
a group of people riding on a cruise ship .
two women talking at a table .
a man is sitting on a fence watching sunset .
a man with spiked hair is smiling and smiling .
a person in an orange vest is standing in a field .
a man is holding a sword in a kitchen .
a boy is standing outside of a building .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people looking at vegetables .
an artist is painting a picture .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of women playing volleyball on the beach .
a crowd of people standing around a table .
a large group of people are trying to get something .
a group of families gather around a picnic table .
a group of people in the sky .
two girls in bikinis play a game .
a man is giving a child to a child .
a woman in a bathing suit stands in a pool .
a man playing a guitar .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of boys are working on bicycles .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman is standing in front of a restaurant counter .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is working at a market .
a blond girl is carrying a mallet .
a man sleeping on a blanket in the grass .
a dog runs along the beach .
a white dog is running across the rocks .
a dog runs down the beach .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs along the beach .
a dog runs through the sand .
a yellow dog is running on the beach .
a person performs a trick on a course with one leg in the sky .
two young men pose for a picture .
a little girl in a bathing suit is standing in a pool .
a dog runs through the woods .
an elderly man is sitting in a car .
the giraffe is running through the grass .
a man is working on his shoes .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a concrete wall .
two men are walking down the street .
a little girl is playing in the snow .
two people are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a man in a martial arts outfit walks with a purse and a purse .
a man and a woman walk down the sidewalk .
a man in sunglasses walks down the sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a young girl in a red shirt and blue jeans is smiling at the camera .
two women are walking down the street .
a girl is playing baseball .
a little girl with curly curly hair is smiling .
a martial arts demonstration in the air .
a little girl in a red shirt and blue shorts is riding a white and white dog .
a girl kicking a soccer ball .
two people practicing martial arts .
a girl gets ready to perform a karate move .
a girl in a white shirt is about to perform a routine .
a young girl practicing martial arts .
a man is performing martial arts .
a woman in a white shirt is kicking a blue ball .
a young woman practicing karate .
a female student is trying to fix a board .
a young woman practicing karate .
a family enjoying the day .
a group of people on the water .
people looking at a boat .
an old man sitting on a bench in a park .
a group of people are paddling a boat .
an old man in a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a boat .
a man sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a man in a blue shirt is swimming in water .
an old man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
two people are standing and talking .
a person is laying on a park bench in a park .
two men are playing soccer .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a child is standing outside of a house .
a child leans against a pole .
a man in a blue shirt looks at something .
a woman leans against a pillar .
a monk is leaning against a pillar .
an old man talks to two older men .
a man is giving a presentation to a group of people .
two children are jumping on a trampoline .
a group of people listening to a man in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a room full of people .
two girls competing in a race .
a group of people are walking together .
a dog runs through the water .
a young boy is sitting on the stairs .
a man is riding a horse .
a man in a red shirt is riding a horse .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a cowboy is attempting to ride a bucking bronco .
a man is racing on a horse .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a man in a white shirt .
a man in a red shirt is standing in the middle of a street .
a group of people playing soccer .
a man in a red jersey is standing behind a red team .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a man in a blue shirt is crossing the street .
a football player wearing a red shirt and blue shorts is running .
a football player wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts is holding a basketball .
a football player in a red shirt with a red shirt on .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is attempting to hit the ball .
a football player in a red shirt is falling to the ground .
two men in sports uniforms playing soccer .
a man and a woman are playing soccer .
a boy is hanging upside down on the ground .
a little boy is playing baseball .
a little girl in a pink shirt is opening flowers .
a little girl is standing in front of a microphone .
an asian girl holding flowers .
an asian girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a young girl is holding flowers .
an asian girl holding flowers .
an asian girl holding a bouquet of flowers .
a man is standing next to a body of water .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting flowers .
a man and two children are playing in the snow .
a father and two children are playing outside .
a group of people waiting for a train .
two martial artists fighting together .
a girl and a girl are sitting on a lawn .
a woman poses for a picture .
a man wearing a hat is standing on a rock .
two men in a kitchen .
a black and white dog with its mouth open .
two men are practicing martial arts .
a man and a woman dancing outside .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
two men in jeans and t shirts are preparing food .
a woman is pushing a stroller .
an elderly woman is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman with a stroller and a stroller is sitting on a bench .
an elderly woman pushing a stroller .
an older woman walks down the street .
a woman selling fruit on the street .
a man in a blue shirt is swinging in the water .
spectators watching a martial arts match .
a man is riding a rope on a rope .
a man is climbing up a rope .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a man is swinging on a rope .
a man is standing on a rope overlooking water .
a man is holding a rope in the water .
a man is swinging on a swing .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is looking at a building .
a woman standing alone in front of a door .
a black man in a white shirt and sunglasses smiles .
a man is playing a guitar while three young girls watch him .
a woman leading a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
people eating food in a restaurant .
a man is standing on the shore of a lake .
a boy in a blue shirt throwing something .
a young man throwing something into the water .
two men wrestling in a wrestling match .
a group of people are sitting in the grass .
a man walks by a wall .
two men sitting in a cage next to a cage .
a man is taking a picture of a woman .
a woman is sitting on a sofa .
a group of people standing around a table .
a man is sleeping on a bench .
people eating food .
a woman is sewing in a kitchen .
a group of young boys are looking at something .
a group of people jump over a car .
a man and a woman laying on the grass .
a basketball player in a white jersey is running towards the base of a base .
a baseball player in a red jersey is running towards the base of a base .
a girl in a black shirt is standing in front of a red bull car .
a man and a woman are standing near water .
a man is holding a sign in his hand .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man in a white hat holding a sign .
a person sitting on a bench .
a little girl is playing on a playground .
a group of people are working on an atv .
two children , one wearing a red shirt and the other wearing a red shirt , are laughing .
an asian woman in red shoes is standing in front of a red bull car .
a lady in a white shirt is looking at something .
a little girl laughing .
a group of people are gathered around a building .
a kid jumps over a ramp .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a person doing a stunt on a ramp .
a person is riding a bike .
a man is performing tricks on his bicycle .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a baby in her hand .
two women are holding a little boy .
two people standing in front of a store .
men playing basketball .
basketball players playing basketball .
a mother and son stand outside of a store .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a woman in a white shirt is performing an audience .
a group of women dressed up in costumes .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young man standing outside of a building .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a microphone .
a family looks at a group of people .
a band plays on stage .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting at a laptop .
a man in an orange shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is putting on a sign .
a little boy is pulling a sheet of paper .
a bike rider flies through the air .
two cyclists are riding a bike .
a mountain biker performs a jump .
two people are walking down the street .
a man jumping with an audience .
a man rides a mountain bike .
a man is riding a bike .
a dirt bike rider jumps off of rocks .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is walking down the street .
a dirt biker performs a jump in midair .
a person doing a stunt on a dirt bike .
a person in a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
a group of men are performing on stage .
a woman in a black uniform is walking down a hallway .
military men in military uniforms stand in front of a firetruck .
firefighters are gathered around a firetruck .
soldiers are standing on the beach .
a group of military soldiers are standing in front of a building .
a group of military military personnel in a field .
a group of men with guns in the background .
two men with guns in the background .
a group of men standing in front of a firetruck .
a dog runs through the snow .
three men , one wearing a uniform and one in a uniform , are standing in front of a building .
a dog is holding a purse .
a dog swims in the water .
a black dog is running on the beach .
two men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are playing a musical instrument .
three men at a concert playing a video game .
a man is walking in front of a building .
a man in front of a building .
a crowd of people gathered around a table .
a person is taking a picture .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a woman walks down the sidewalk .
a child looking at food .
a blond woman is walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a woman in a jacket is walking down a street .
a lady is walking down the street .
a lady is looking at an advertisement .
a group of people working in a garden .
two children are running down the street .
a man is walking carrying a bag .
construction workers in a field .
a man carrying a bouquet of flowers .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street carrying flowers .
a man selling flowers .
a man in a suit is riding a horse .
three people dancing .
a crowd of people walk down a street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a woman helping a child how to use a child .
a man is riding a go kart .
a young baby is sitting down .
a baby is sleeping on a bed .
a white bird is flying through the air .
a large plane flies through the air .
a baby sleeping in a bed .
a photographer poses for the camera .
a bird is flying through the water .
a dog is flying through the woods .
a bird is flying through the water .
a bird in the sky .
a gray bird is being held by a gray bird .
a baby laying in the grass .
a woman wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a person in a city is walking through the city .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a group of musicians playing instruments .
a band is in the middle of a band .
a group of musicians are playing instruments .
a man in a blue striped shirt stands behind two parked cars .
a woman in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a girl is jumping in the air .
a female dancer is performing on stage .
a bird is on rocks .
a woman in a pink dress is standing in front of a stone wall .
a woman dances in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is directing a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people dressed in red and white uniforms .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are competing in a competition .
a child running in a race .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are running down the street .
a girl is jumping on a bed .
a girl in a pink shirt is holding a trophy .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a group of surfers in the ocean .
a woman is crying .
a person in a white shirt is attempting to throw a tennis ball .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is practicing their head .
a woman is walking down the street .
a person is bent over over a pole .
an elderly woman is walking down the street .
a woman with a cane is sitting on a bench next to a building .
an elderly woman sits next to a building with a bag on her lap .
a man with a cane holds a cane .
a man with his arm around his arm .
an older man with a backpack walks down the street .
two children are swimming in a pool .
a mural of a mural of a mural of a woman in a white shirt .
a man with a backpack is walking down the street .
a group of friends playing in a pool .
two children are swimming in a pool .
a boy and a girl smile for a photo in a pool .
children on the side of a pool .
two women standing in front of a wood wall .
two kayakers in muddy water .
a man in a white shirt is hammering something .
two men are pulling a hose through a muddy field .
a black and white dog is pulling two dogs .
a man running in a race .
two firefighters are running in a field .
a guy washing a glass window .
a man in a blue shirt is playing with a rope .
a man is diving into a pool at a pool .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two people are getting married .
a hiker is checking his shoe in the woods .
a female athlete prepares to throw the ball .
a line of cars parked in the street .
a man in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man is sitting on the floor on the floor .
a man playing a guitar .
a young man in a green t shirt plays his guitar while sitting cross legged on scaffolding .
a young man is sitting on the floor playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar on the floor .
a man is playing a guitar .
people at an amusement park ride .
a chef is smiling .
a woman running in a competition .
a group of people on the beach with their arms raised .
a group of people are sitting in a canoe .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are riding on a roller coaster ride in the park .
a man working on a roof .
a woman is about to throw a basketball .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a donkey pulls a cart full of people .
a donkey pulling a cart on a donkey .
a man is pulling a cart in a cart .
a group of people are riding a donkey pulled by a donkey .
a group of people waiting for a picture .
a group of children playing soccer .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a group of young girls pose for a picture in front of a dark wall .
young women pose for a picture .
a group of workers are helping a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are looking into the distance .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a little girl is driving her dog .
a girl and a dog are driving in a race .
a little girl and her dog in front of a car .
a man in a blue shirt is trying to block a shot .
a man in a red shirt is riding a red race car .
a boy is climbing a tunnel .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a boy is kicking a soccer ball with his son .
an old man playing on the street .
a man in a blue shirt kicking a yellow object .
people are looking at buildings .
a crowd of people standing in a courtyard .
a crowd of people standing in a plaza .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a group of people are gathered in a street .
pedestrians are walking down a city street .
a man in a gray shirt playing the drums .
a man playing the drums .
a man in a gray shirt playing drums .
a young boy is doing tricks on a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
a man riding a bike on a sunny day .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of young asian women walk down the street .
a boy is playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a boy playing soccer .
a boy kicking a soccer ball .
a girl wearing a black and white striped shirt kicks a soccer ball .
a child playing soccer .
a boy is kicking a soccer ball .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
two martial artists fighting .
a woman is sitting on the back of a car .
two men wearing black shirts and black pants are standing in front of a building .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men practicing martial arts .
a group of people are practicing martial arts .
two people are eating food .
a man in a black shirt is waiting to cross the street .
a group of people are sitting in the shade with bags .
four people are standing in front of a crowd .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man stands in front of a wall .
a man in a black shirt is standing in front of a garage store .
a man with a backpack is holding a backpack .
a man is standing on the sidewalk .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is cleaning her teeth .
a child is sleeping on the ground .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a woman in a white dress is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a tree .
a man is standing next to a truck .
a man looking at art .
a man is looking at artwork at an art booth .
a man in a suit is standing at a booth .
a man looking at merchandise .
a man in a white shirt is sitting at a convention .
a group of children are preparing for a speech .
a man in a grocery store is reading a newspaper .
a child on a slide .
a man is eating a meal .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in glasses smiles .
a child smiles as she smiles .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman working on a machine .
a woman is riding a bike .
a woman wearing a softball uniform is riding a bike .
a group of people riding motorcycles .
a child is standing in front of a building .
a group of people are gathered around a river .
a group of people gather in a square .
a band performs on stage .
a marching band is walking down the sidewalk .
a group of people are marching and playing instruments in front of a building .
two soldiers in uniform are standing in the middle of a street .
a group of musicians are playing instruments outside .
a group of teens riding bikes down a street .
two athletes , one in red and the other in red and the other in red , are on a football court .
five people jump off a high high board .
a group of people celebrating a win .
two teams are jumping in the air .
a group of people are playing soccer .
two female dogs are performing a jump in the air .
two female cheerleaders are performing a jump in front of two women .
a group of cheerleaders competing in a soccer match .
a group of young women are playing instruments .
two women are sitting on a bench .
girls playing volleyball .
a group of hikers resting on a trail .
two women are jumping in the air .
two hikers are hiking on a trail .
a group of people are hiking in the woods .
two young men standing next to a trail .
two people are standing next to a trail .
a group of young people are standing in a field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two hikers carrying backpacks are standing in front of a path looking over something .
a child is swinging on a swing .
a man in a suit is riding a motorcycle .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a little boy on a swing .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman is sleeping on a bench .
a child with a bucket stands on the sidewalk .
a woman holding a group of balloons .
a little boy is sitting on a bench .
a person is holding balloons .
a woman is holding several balloons .
a man in a blue shirt is holding three buckets .
a woman is holding balloons .
a woman is holding balloons .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a large bundle of hay .
a man selling balloons .
a woman stands at a fruit stand .
a man and two children walk down the street .
a man is pushing a wheelbarrow .
a woman selling food .
a child on a beach with a bucket on it .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man is racing on a track .
a man is using a laptop computer .
a man working on the side of a building .
a painter uses a ladder to fix a ladder .
a man in jeans and a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man working on a building .
a man is standing on a ladder on a ladder .
a painter standing on a ladder .
a man is standing on a ladder on a ladder .
a painter standing on a ladder .
a painter stands on a ladder next to a ladder .
a painter is standing in front of a brick building .
a man is sitting at a desk working at a desk .
a man and a woman are talking on a computer .
a man working on a computer .
two dogs are standing in a field .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans talks to a group of people .
two dogs walk in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
an asian woman in an asian dress holding smoke .
two dogs play in the snow .
a group of women are walking down the street .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing
a group of women gather around a fire pit .
a man is working on a fire .
a group of women are picking up smoke .
a woman in a sweater is sitting in a chair .
a man carrying a box .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a backpack walks down the street .
a boy wearing a hat walks down the street carrying a box .
a boy carries a box down the street .
a boy carrying a box .
a boy with a backpack walks down a street .
a boy in a blue hat is holding a blue hat .
a man in a swimsuit is jumping into a pool .
a man is crossing the street holding a box .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a dog jumps over an obstacle .
a dj is singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog is picking up sheep .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs are standing on sand .
a dog runs through the grass .
two boys are playing in the snow .
a woman waits at a crosswalk .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a man is walking in an urban area .
a black and white dog is standing next to a row of bicycles .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a green shirt is standing in a neighborhood .
four children are playing outside .
a woman in a white shirt is hanging out of the water .
an asian woman is hanging laundry .
a lady in an orange skirt is hanging up her washing .
a woman is hanging on a red cloth on a clothesline .
people walking on a busy street .
a man is working on a tree using a tree .
a woman hanging out of a sand sculpture .
a crowd gathers for a concert .
a clown is playing a musical instrument .
a man playing a guitar .
a band performs on stage .
a band performs on stage .
a woman is using a sand sculpture to a dog .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a microscope .
a statue of a statue of a statue of a statue .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
a group of performers performing on stage .
a man and a woman standing next to each other .
a person in a white shirt is shoveling snow .
a man standing in a doorway with a shovel .
a girl jumping in the air .
a person is climbing a rock face .
a band performs on stage .
a man in a white shirt is holding a microphone .
a worker using a chainsaw on a tree .
a little girl is watching something .
two boys are standing in front of a camera .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two women are laying in the sun .
three women are laying on the grass .
three women are on the beach .
two women on a rock formation .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other wearing a hat , are sitting on a bench .
three young girls in bathing suits sit on the beach .
three girls are sitting on the ground looking at the sky .
three girls are looking up .
two girls are sitting on a rock overlooking the water .
three men and a woman playing music .
a band plays on stage .
a group of people are taking pictures .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a bird flies over water .
a group of musicians playing at an underground station .
two girls are painting a christmas tree .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a girl talks on a cellphone .
two girls are using a tree .
a group of people on a scenic bridge .
people walking across a walkway .
two young girls are working together .
two dogs running in the grass .
a person is doing crafts .
a bird is diving over water .
a bride and groom at a wedding party .
a black dog running through the snow .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a woman in a kimono is holding a purse .
a group of people at a gathering .
a group of people on a motorcycle .
a toddler is playing in a playpen .
two people are riding a motorbike .
two people are riding on a motorcycle .
a man and a woman are sitting on a motorcycle .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three little girls are laying on a pillow .
three little girls are laying on a bed in a bed .
a young girl is sleeping on a couch .
a brown haired girl looking at the camera .
a group of people riding bikes .
three girls are standing in a tent .
a group of people wearing colorful costumes .
a man in a blue shirt is making his hands .
a man in a red dress is leading a girl in a red dress .
a biker rides in front of mountains .
a man is looking at a tree .
a mountain biker is wearing a helmet .
a group of people are riding bikes .
people walking past some trees .
a group of people are standing in the street .
two bikers racing on a track .
a man sitting at a table with drinks in the background .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a toddler is playing with a toddler .
a man sits next to a table full of drinks .
three people sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting at a table at a table .
a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are shopping .
two children are sitting on the floor and laughing .
a large tree in the woods .
a woman jogging down the street .
two dogs in a field .
three dogs are standing near a small dog .
two dogs play on the grass .
a black dog is chasing a sheep .
a man is walking down the sidewalk .
a skier is sledding down a snowy hill .
people riding bikes on a street .
a large group of bicyclists in front of the shops .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two men are standing in front of a group of children .
a woman reading a book .
three people standing in front of a bridge .
three construction workers are working on a lift .
three people standing near a river .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
three people are standing next to a river .
people standing in front of a river .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a classroom full of children in a classroom .
a man is throwing something into a river .
a man and a woman are opening a red and blue tube .
firefighters are planting a tree .
a man in a blue shirt is bending down on the sidewalk .
a group of children are playing outside .
a man standing in front of a mountain view .
people watching a race .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a dog playing with a stick .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
three people are looking at a door .
a dog swims in the water .
a young girl holding her teddy bear .
a group of people riding bikes .
two boys swimming in the water .
a toddler is trying to climb .
a football player in a blue jersey is running down a narrow road with onlookers .
a man is riding a motorcycle on a dirt track .
a man writing on a piece of paper .
a man is reading a book .
a boy is pulling on a shovel .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a boy is sitting on a shovel in the snow .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a small boy in red shorts and a red shirt is playing soccer .
a man climbing a rock wall .
a man looking through a microscope .
six people are walking on a street .
a father and son fixing a boat .
a group of people working on a ship .
a group of people standing near a yellow tube .
a man in a blue shirt and a child in a blue shirt are standing in front of a bucket .
a young adult is showing a young child .
an adult is talking to a child .
a child is helping another child how to do something .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
an adult is showing a child how to do something .
two dogs play in the grass .
a man in a suit is standing in a crowd .
a man putting on a wall on a wall .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
two people are kissing each other .
a man in a white shirt is playing a dog .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
an asian woman in an asian dress holding a torch .
a child is sleeping in a hammock .
a car parked in the back of a car .
a young man playing a guitar .
a young girl wearing a red leotard is performing gymnastics .
a baby wearing black pants is sleeping under a doll .
a toddler is sleeping .
a child in a blue jacket is standing in the snow .
a child is playing in the sand .
a group of people are playing in the grass .
a group of people are sitting on lawn chairs .
two girls are playing tug of war .
two women picking vegetables .
a couple of people gather around a market .
a group of young women are picking up a popsicle .
a group of people having a conversation .
a couple sitting on a bench .
people walking in the rain .
a person walking on the beach .
a crowd gathers under a large sign .
a group of people wait outside a building .
a group of people are cheering .
a group of people are playing chess .
a group of young men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in front of a fountain .
a group of people sitting outside on a sunny day .
two men are carrying trash bags .
a boy and girl are walking across water .
three men fishing in a boat .
a man jumping across the rocks .
two young children jumping on stones .
a man is carrying a trash bag .
a man carrying a bag is walking down the street .
a young man in shorts and a blue shirt is carrying a bag of garbage .
a man is holding a trash bag .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a swimmer is dancing in a pool .
a man holding a trophy .
a girl is drinking beer .
a young woman is drinking a drink .
a woman is drinking beer with a beer .
a woman in a white dress is drinking beer .
a lady drinking a drink .
people waiting for customers at a counter .
a police officer is working on a fire .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a snow covered landscape .
a man stands in the snow .
a man stands in the snow .
a man is standing in the snow .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the snow .
a hiker is standing on a snowy mountain .
two boys sitting next to a car .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing a game .
two boys are fighting .
two boys are fighting .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the beach .
people are drinking coffee and drinking coffee .
a pilot is looking at something .
a bird is on rocks .
a dog runs through the grass .
two dogs run through the grass .
a dog walks through a field .
two dogs play in the snow .
a man rides a dirt bike .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is riding a bike down a dirt path .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
several people are walking down a city street .
a man biking in the woods .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in the woods .
a young person rides his bike down a hill .
a young man is riding a bike in the woods .
a man is biking down the street .
people walking down a city street .
a crowd of people are standing in a crowd .
a girl in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a young girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is swinging on a swing .
a young female tennis player wearing a red and white uniform .
a woman is raising her arm .
a tennis player in a red uniform is playing tennis .
two women walking down the street .
three girls in black and white are walking along a street .
two girls are walking down the street .
three young girls wearing dresses are standing on the sidewalk .
three girls wearing dresses are walking down the street .
a group of girls in a city .
two women walking down the street .
a group of young girls are playing soccer .
a group of women walk along the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is using a flashlight .
a woman is playing a guitar and singing .
a lady with a guitar is standing next to a building .
a young woman singing into a microphone .
two girls are singing and playing guitar .
a man is playing a guitar outdoors .
a woman is sunbathing on the beach .
a man reading a book .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man reading a newspaper .
a teacher is sitting in a classroom .
a man teaching a lecture .
a man is teaching a presentation .
a man in a blue shirt is teaching a man in a classroom .
a man in a classroom is in a classroom .
a man in a white shirt is playing with a hula hoop on a sidewalk .
a man is playing with children .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
a man in a tan suit is standing in a doorway .
a man is sitting on a horse .
a group of people are standing around a concert .
a group of people playing lacrosse .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of an audience .
two boys are playing soccer .
two boys playing soccer .
a marching band in a parade .
a line of people in the air .
people are playing with fireworks .
people standing in line .
a marching band in a parade .
a group of musicians are standing near a door .
a man is running down the street .
an old lady is walking up a sidewalk .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking in the grass near a sidewalk .
a runner is riding a racing bike .
a person jogging down the street .
two people share a drink .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table drinking beer .
two people sit at a table at a table .
a man and a woman enjoying the day on a sunny day .
a woman is sitting with a man in a white shirt .
a woman stands behind a table with two birds .
a woman in a white shirt is pulling a table of birds .
a woman in a white shirt is playing with a dog .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bird .
a little girl is running in a race .
a girl swimming in a pool .
a man is using chalk .
an artist works on a piece of art .
a man is working on a large piece of rock equipment .
a man is using a sculpture of a stone building .
a man is posing for a picture .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a man in a blue shirt is pouring a card into a microscope .
a baby is reading a book .
a man is running in a race .
a man is standing in a city street .
two men are walking down a street .
a woman is giving a haircut .
a woman in a black shirt is fixing her hair .
a woman is giving another woman 's hair .
a woman with dark hair and dark hair is sitting in a chair .
a woman with brown hair is giving another woman 's hair .
a woman is giving another woman 's hair .
a woman is getting a haircut .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman cutting another woman 's hair .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman standing behind another woman standing behind two women .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman is using a laptop on a busy sidewalk .
a group of people carrying bags .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a chalkboard .
a bald man is writing .
a man in a blue shirt is climbing a boat .
two guys are walking down the street .
a man is cleaning his boat .
a man cleaning a boat .
a man is standing in a boat .
a man and a boy are standing on the shore of a body of water in the ocean .
a young man stands in the middle of a boat .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a driveway .
a man is pulling a ski boat on a trailer .
a ski boat in the water .
a trailer sits in the driveway .
a boat in the water .
the skier is in the air .
a man and a woman are holding masks .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a baby in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is standing on his head .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man and woman are playing instruments .
a band plays on stage .
a band is performing in front of a microphone , with a drummer in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is cooking in a kitchen .
a little girl is sitting on a motorcycle .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of teenagers sitting in a circle with a person in the background .
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a body of water .
a person climbing a rocky slope .
runners in a city .
a man is pouring drinks from a bottle .
a truck is being held by a truck .
two children are playing in the sand .
a little girl climbing a tree .
two girls are playing in a tree .
a group of girls are walking on a sidewalk .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
a small child points at a moped .
a young child is looking at a moped .
a child is pointing at a moped .
a child pointing at something .
a small child is holding a small child .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a boat in the water .
two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are lying in front of
a girl is climbing a tree .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a black dog is biting a man 's mouth .
a man in a white shirt is standing next to a dog .
children fishing from a bridge .
a child is fishing .
a young boy is fishing .
a man is fishing .
a child is trying to catch a fish .
a boy fishing on a pier .
a group of people are fishing .
a young boy is fishing on a dock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy fishes on a dock .
a boy is fishing on a dock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of people are enjoying a fishing net .
a boy is fishing .
a young boy is fishing .
a man and a dog are playing in the snow .
a baby is taking a bath .
a baby is holding up a baby .
a child is holding up a sign .
a baby is laughing .
two men playing cricket in a field .
a man is standing outside of a city street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man dressed in black is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people riding dirt bikes .
four dirt bike riders riding on a dirt road .
four dirt bike riders in the dirt .
a group of riders are riding bikes .
dirt bike riders riding on a dirt trail .
an older man is fixing something .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is looking at a toy airplane .
a busy city street .
three men are performing on stage in a room .
a group of people are skiing .
a lady in a white coat looks out from a balcony .
a group of boys posing for a picture .
an adult and a child are on the beach .
two people are skiing on skis .
an adult and a child play in the snow .
a young boy and an older woman walk down the street .
a child feeding a bird .
a young boy is cutting metal .
two people are working on a project .
a young boy is looking at something .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to some equipment .
two men are cutting metal .
a carnival at night .
a man and a woman are fishing .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
two men fishing .
a man is eating food .
two men dressed in black are posing for a picture in front of the camera .
two women are performing martial arts .
two dancers in black shirts lean against a pile of sheep .
two women dressed in black are dancing .
two people leaning against a wall .
two women wearing tank tops are talking to each other .
a carnival at a carnival game .
a group of people at work .
a black and white dog catching a tennis ball .
a group of people standing around a table .
two black dogs play in the snow .
a mother and her daughter sitting on a bench .
a boy is balancing a plate of food on his head .
a child in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting in front of a building .
a boy in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a boy in a blue shirt is balancing his head on a balance beam .
a boy is balancing a dish on his head .
a woman and a girl are sitting on a bench .
a young girl dressed in pink and pink is holding a flag .
a band plays on stage .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt
a man singing into a microphone .
a group of people are getting ready for a bowling ball .
a group of people are performing on stage .
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a door .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
children look down at a tree .
children climbing a tree .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a group of young people are jumping in the air .
kids playing on a large tree .
a group of children climbing a large tree .
two men are playing soccer .
a group of players are playing soccer .
two men in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a man wearing a blue shirt .
two rugby players playing rugby .
a soccer team is standing at attention .
a girl running on a path .
women running with numbers on their heads .
a woman is standing in a city street .
three girls are competing in a race .
a little kid in a blue sled sledding down the hill .
a woman is walking down the street .
runners running down a hill .
runners running down a hill .
a woman pushing a stroller on a busy street .
a mother and two children walk down the street .
a woman in a skirt is sitting on a bench .
a swimmer in a black cap is standing in front of a mirror .
a woman sitting on a bench .
the swimmers are swimming in the pool .
two women are carrying two donkeys .
a child in a black hat stands behind a wooden pole .
a young boy in a blue shirt is leaning against a railing .
a small child standing by a post .
a toddler is holding a pole on a field .
people playing softball on a field .
a man with a knife is watching another man .
a man and a woman are playing baseball in the snow .
a child in a blue t shirt and hat hugging a pole at a local festival .
a group of older people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are playing cards .
a brown and white dog is standing in the grass .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two men are sitting on a bench .
a dog is sitting on a leash .
two young boys are playing in the snow .
a bearded man with a beard is selling paperwork .
a group of people are working in a kitchen .
a man and a man are sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is working on a sculpture .
a group of people are standing on display .
a group of people are standing in front of a building .
a man in a black shirt selling tomatoes .
a person standing in front of a vegetable stand .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a baby is playing in a house .
a baby is sitting in a chair .
a baby is eating .
two girls in winter coats pose for a picture .
a woman talking to another woman .
a group of people are walking in the rain .
a young child is sitting in a chair .
a girl in a leather jacket smiles at her friend .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a girl is standing in the rain .
a girl smiles at her friend .
two girls at a concert in the rain .
a man with a black dog and a black dog is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a black and white dog bites an arm .
a man in a white shirt is helping another dog .
a man in a white shirt is preparing for something .
two people are shaking hands outside of a building .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of girls at a theater .
a brown and white dog chewing on a stick .
a girl is getting her hair done .
a man in a hospital bed .
a lady in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
a man in a hospital gown lies on a bed .
a man in a hospital coat is sitting in a hospital bed .
two boys playing with a ball .
a man is walking up a hill .
a lady in a blue sweatshirt is sitting on a bench .
an older man is holding a saw .
a red haired man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting something .
a person is sitting on the beach at the beach .
an older gentleman is working with something on his ears .
a person is walking on a rocky trail .
two kids are racing each other .
an older woman wearing a pink shirt is sitting in a chair .
an old man in a green shirt is sitting in a field .
two men are talking to each other .
a group of people on a beach .
a group of people are walking on the beach in the ocean .
a group of people are listening to their class .
a group of people are walking along a beach .
two men are working on a project .
two men are working on a project .
two construction workers cutting wood .
two men are working in a wood shop .
a group of people in a shop .
a woman is serving ice cream .
a woman is waiting for her ice cream .
a woman looks at ice cream .
a woman is waiting for her ice cream .
two hockey players on the ice .
a hockey player prepares to shoot the puck .
a football player in a white jersey is holding a football .
three hockey players playing ice hockey .
a hockey player in a white jersey is attempting to hit the puck .
people standing on the sidewalk in the snow .
a woman in a white shirt is cutting cake .
snow in the snow .
a blond woman is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a couple standing outside of a building .
a lady in a red hat is walking on a snowy sidewalk .
a couple dancing in front of a crowd .
two children are playing in the water .
patient performing surgery .
people working in a room .
doctors performing surgery .
doctors performing surgery .
a group of people dressed in blue and red coats .
a man is walking down the street .
a construction worker is running away from the construction zone .
a construction worker is crossing the street .
a man pointing at something .
a man in a construction uniform walks away from the side of the road .
a construction worker in a construction site .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a subway station .
two boys in baseball caps are playing in the water .
a group of young boys are eating .
two young boys wearing hats .
a boy is playing with his tongue out .
two boys are making faces .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
men standing at a train stop .
a man is standing on a train platform .
a woman is riding a bike .
a group of tourists relax on top of a hill .
people are holding drinks .
a group of people competing in a race .
an adult and a child are working together .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of a cafe .
a man is reading a newspaper on a brick wall .
a group of people gather at a sporting event .
a woman is standing next to a brick church .
a woman is standing next to a wall .
a marathon runner is about to start a race .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt plays the saxophone .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is praying .
a man is sleeping on a couch .
a man is lying on a bench .
a man is lying on a bench .
a man is lying on a bench .
a woman is laughing .
construction workers gathered around a construction site .
a soccer player is holding up the ball .
a man in a white shirt is picking up trash .
a person is holding a ball .
a man is celebrating a soccer match .
a group of people sitting at a table .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a group of women buying bread .
a person is sitting on a bench .
a naked woman standing in a crowd .
a person is taking a picture of someone .
a woman watching a parade .
a woman is standing next to a banner .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people at a party .
a woman in a dress is walking through a crowd .
a woman in a red and black dress is dancing in a parade .
a man is climbing a cliff .
a group of people rowing in a boat .
a group of people rowing a boat .
a city street .
a group of people rowing a canoe .
a group of people are kayaking in a river .
a group of people watching an event .
a man is playing golf .
people waiting for a ride .
a woman is playing the violin .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a girl is playing the violin .
a girl is playing the violin .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a little girl in a bathing suit is looking at the water in the ocean .
a person playing a wind instrument .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young person in a blue shirt is upside down .
a man in a robe is walking .
a skier is skiing .
a group of men standing near a car .
a man in a white robe is wearing a white robe .
two dogs look at each other .
a closeup of a statue of a man in purple .
a group of people are painting a house .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a man in a purple robe is standing in front of a group of people .
a man in a butterfly costume holds a sign .
a man in a white shirt is climbing up a cliff .
a crowd of people are working on a tile floor .
a group of people waiting in line .
a person doing a handstand on a city sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a truck is flying into the air .
a person in a red shirt skis down a snowy hill .
a boy is holding a large rock .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a woman holding a bag is holding a bag .
a man is riding a train .
a man in a red shirt is riding a subway .
a woman is sitting on a bus holding a paper bag in her hand .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a girl in a pink shirt is holding something in her hand .
four soccer players playing soccer .
girls playing soccer .
girls playing soccer .
a group of people are watching a soccer game .
children playing soccer .
a woman sleeping on a tire mat .
a man in a red shirt is walking down a street .
a man is working on a project .
a boy is hitting a ball .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a shirtless man is standing on a scaffold in front of a building .
a woman and a child stand on the patio of a hotel .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a person is carrying a bag .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a boy is jumping into the air .
a group of people in the desert .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a child is walking down the street .
a young man wearing a hat is balancing on his skateboard on a ledge .
a person in a white shirt and blue jeans is walking down railroad tracks .
a marketplace at night .
a man in a red shirt is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a person rollerblading in the woods .
a woman is walking through a store .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down a city street .
a man is looking at a city .
a man looking at a city .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on top of a cliff .
a man is standing on top of a tall building .
a man is walking down the street .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a child in a blue shirt and blue shorts is holding pigeons .
a little boy is feeding a little boy .
a little boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of dogs .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three elderly women looking at something .
a group of people are sitting at a table in a restaurant .
three women looking at a glass display .
a group of women in a museum .
three women are standing in a museum .
a person walking down the street .
three people are walking down the street .
two boys competing in martial arts .
two men are looking at a book .
a woman with blond hair is riding a yellow bicycle .
an old man in an orange t shirt is showing a speech .
a line of people on a sunny day .
a person is jumping on a sunny day .
a black and white dog is running through the water .
a crowd of people are standing in the street .
a scuba diver is performing a trick .
people leaving a building .
a man dives into a pool .
a soccer goalie blocks the goal .
a man is painting a picture .
a man in black is painting a wall .
a man is painting a wall .
a painter is working on a loom .
three guys and their guitars are singing into microphones .
a man and a boy sit at a counter looking at the plane .
a boy pointing out of an airport .
a group of people are standing in the street .
a little boy points to a younger boy in a blue shirt .
two boys are looking at something in the airport .
two boys are standing next to a plane .
two boys looking through a window .
two young people are looking at something .
five children are looking at a camera .
a group of children are looking at a construction site .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
a group of children standing outside a building .
a group of kids are dancing in a circle .
a group of students watching a performance .
a group of children playing in a field .
a young boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two children are playing soccer on a field .
a young girl is playing soccer .
a female soccer player is playing soccer .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a female volleyball player blocks the volleyball .
a group of people competing in a race .
a woman is playing volleyball .
a young man and a woman play in the grass .
three girls are playing in the snow .
three young girls are playing in the sand .
three girls playing volleyball .
three girls posing for a picture .
a man and a woman are looking at her fingers .
a woman in a yellow shirt is sitting on a bench .
two women standing next to each other .
two dogs are fighting .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman is sitting on a bench with a coffee bottle .
a group of people in a bar .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man with a fishing pole is standing next to a fishing pole .
a person is fishing on a blue cloudy day .
a person is silhouetted against the sky holding a fishing pole .
a person sitting behind a fruit stand .
a man is fishing .
a woman competing in a bicycle race .
a boy is playing with a toy toy .
a musician playing a guitar .
a young girl is holding her purse .
a girl is waiting at a pizza shop .
a young girl looking at something .
a man standing with a sign .
a snowboarder snowboarding .
a little girl is sitting on a stool in front of a hut .
a group of children eating and listening to a presentation .
a group of children are walking down a street .
a group of young children in a dark room .
a man in a white shirt is playing the drums .
a group of children are being pushed by a teacher .
a surfer surfs on a wave .
a group of young athletes are performing on stage .
four girls are standing on a rock .
two girls are waiting for something .
a group of girls wearing makeup .
a person in the middle of a road .
two men , one in a black shirt and one in black , are juggling knives .
a dog is jumping in the air on a sunny day .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is fixing a tire tire .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a group of people having a conversation .
a group of men are standing on a stage .
several men are fighting over a microphone .
two men are having a conversation in front of a microphone .
a man with glasses and glasses is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is opening a present .
a group of people gathered around a table .
two men sing into microphones .
a man is singing at a party .
a man is sitting on the ground on the ground .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is relaxing on a computer .
a man in a blue shirt relaxes on a bench .
two men looking at computers .
two men are sitting in a building .
a group of people are sitting at a table with computers .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a man in a green shirt is sitting on a couch .
a man with a microphone is singing into a microphone .
a person is riding a dirt bike .
a woman in a white shirt is singing into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
two women cleaning the floor .
a group of people running a soccer ball .
a truck in a driveway .
a group of women are sitting at a table .
two women and a dog in a house .
two ladies posing for a picture .
two soccer players competing in a soccer match .
a man is hitting a golf ball in the distance .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is drinking a drink .
a man wearing sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
indian women dancing together .
a man in a white shirt is writing on a piece of paper .
two people are riding bicycles down a street .
two people are riding bikes .
a group of people are riding bikes .
two men are riding bikes .
a police officer is working on a fire .
a soccer player in a yellow shirt is playing tennis .
a man is talking to a soccer player .
a team of football players standing on a field .
a soccer team is playing soccer .
soccer players on the field .
a lady is smiling at the camera .
people playing soccer .
two soccer players are competing in a soccer match .
a soccer game is being played on the field .
a baby is taking a picture .
a woman putting on makeup .
a woman is applying makeup .
a woman is looking into a mirror .
a woman is applying mascara to someone .
a woman is putting on a piece of paper .
a person in a black shirt is running along a bridge .
a woman jogging into a tunnel .
a man walking down the street .
a woman is putting on a piece of paper .
a boy in a blue shirt is running in the grass .
a woman is doing a handstand on a track .
a small boy in front of a building .
a man is holding a video camera .
a lady in a white shirt is drinking beer .
the doctors are performing surgery .
a woman is holding a drink .
a woman holding a glass .
a woman is holding a drink .
a red race car on the road .
a child standing on a sign .
a singer in a white shirt is performing a stunt .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking around a building .
a man taking a picture of a video camera .
a young boy is on the beach with a fishing pole .
a group of people at the beach .
a person is playing in the sand .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a car .
a bride is getting married .
a bride and groom are giving a wedding .
a man is kissing a bride .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a vehicle .
a group of people are playing in the sand .
a child walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is walking up a sidewalk .
a man working in the snow .
a man is looking at the ground .
a construction worker in a red mask and a yellow jacket is standing in front of a construction site , with a yellow bucket on it .
a man and a woman are standing on stones .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man holding a piece of art .
two dogs play in a fountain .
two dogs play in a field .
two dogs play in the water .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
there are many people in the background .
a group of children and adults are sitting on a trampoline .
a group of children playing in a fountain .
children in front of a bounce house .
a boy in a blue shirt is sweeping the ground .
a man sweeping the street in a parking lot .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man is sweeping a hole in a parking lot .
a man is sweeping a hole in a parking lot .
a taxi taxi on the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two men are having a conversation .
a woman is bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling .
a woman is bowling in a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling at a bowling alley .
a woman is bowling .
a man is sitting at a carnival carnival .
a young man is eating a meal .
a surfer rides a wave .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing on a surfboard on a cloudy day .
a man fishes on a surfboard .
a man is swimming in the water .
two men are sitting on a log in a wooded area .
two men playing a video game .
two men sitting on a bench in a room .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two men are having a conversation .
people walking down a bus .
people are riding a bus .
two young boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are playing soccer .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing next to a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people in a room .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a young boy is running in a race .
the driver is racing through the dirt .
a man in an orange shirt is riding his bike .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to throw a piece of paper .
two men are looking at trees .
a man rides a dirt bike .
the brown dog has its mouth open .
a little girl is playing with a hula hoop .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing on a merry go round .
families sitting on a beach .
people shopping at a market .
a race car drives down a road .
a family swims in a pool .
a large crowd of people are riding a ride .
an elderly man with a mohawk is sitting in a chair .
a boy in a blue shirt is cleaning the floor .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a child in a blue bathing suit is standing in the water .
a kid in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
a boy surfing a wave .
a man is riding a bike .
a man in a white shirt stands in front of a fence .
a man is standing outside of a building .
an old man is painting a picture .
a man stands in front of a house .
a person in a blue shirt is walking through the woods .
a man sleeping on a bench .
two men playing basketball on a field .
two men playing basketball .
two men , one in a white shirt and one in black , are playing basketball .
two guys playing soccer .
two men are playing a board game .
a man in an orange shirt throwing a ball into a hoop .
a man is playing basketball .
a group of people raising their arms raised .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a crowd of people are cheering .
a band plays in the street .
a boy and a man sit in a boat .
a group of children are watching a museum .
a crowd of people are walking down the street .
a crowd of people in a city square .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a crowd .
a person in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a crowd of people in a city square .
two people are on a raft in the ocean .
a man in a hat waves to the camera .
a woman is walking down the street .
a man is walking past a woman in a white shirt .
a group of people walking in the snow .
two women are walking down the street .
two women are walking next to two women .
a man wearing a hat and a hat is wearing a hat .
a group of people walking in the street .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a truck .
a group of people are preparing food .
a man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a truck .
a man in a black shirt with a black shirt on .
a woman in a lab coat is standing in a lab .
a dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
two surfers are surfing on a beach .
a scientist looking at a microscope .
a woman is singing into a microphone .
people in front of a business .
a small woman walks along a busy city street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
people walking in the rain .
people walking in the rain .
people walking in the rain .
people walking in the rain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing near a fountain .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people stand in india .
a group of people gather around a fountain .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog with a harness in its mouth .
a baby sitting in a sink with a toothbrush .
football players gather on a football field .
a football player in a red jersey is running .
a group of young men playing football .
a group of young men playing a game of football .
a man is about to throw a football .
a football player tackles another player .
a football player is kneeling on a field .
two older women are sitting on a bench reading books .
a young boy in a blue shirt is hitting a football .
a woman walks away from the camera .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman is sitting on the back of a wall .
a woman with a tattoo on her back is holding a tattoo .
a woman in a black shirt is walking away from the camera .
a woman is showing her tattoo .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm .
a young boy runs in a field .
a woman with a tattoo on her arm is holding a tattoo .
two guys eating a meal .
two men are sitting at a table with computers .
two men are sitting at a table with food .
two guys are sitting on a bench .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a fence .
a child in a blue shirt is making a funny face .
a child in a yellow jacket is standing in a yellow jacket .
a boy looking at food .
a dancer dancing on a stage .
a young lady dancing in a yellow outfit .
a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a ballerina performing on stage .
a woman in yellow dances ballet .
a man dancing on a stage .
a man in a black shirt dancing .
a ballerina performing a dance .
a girl is dancing on stage .
a construction worker walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt cooking meat .
a little boy is helping a little boy ride a bicycle .
a band performs at a concert .
a dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
a man in a red shirt is driving a motorcycle .
a man in glasses sits at a table .
a man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a surfer walks his dog on the beach .
a group of musicians are singing into a microphone .
a group of people are engaged in a discussion .
a man with a black dog and a black dog is standing in a field .
a group of people standing outside a building .
a singer sings into a microphone .
a man is singing into a microphone .
people are gathered around a building .
people gather on the street .
a woman in a blue tank top wearing a blue tank top .
two men are working on a bike .
a person swimming underwater .
a child holding a guitar .
two men , one wearing a red shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt and one in a
a man in a wheelchair in a wheelchair .
a man in a wheelchair rides a train .
a man taking a break from a train .
a man in a wheelchair rides a train .
a man in a wheelchair riding a train .
three men standing and talking .
two men talking to each other .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a runner is standing behind a pinata .
a group of people running in a marathon .
a group of people are running .
a man is running past a man in a suit .
a man wearing a hat is juggling knives .
a man in overalls is sitting in a chair .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a red hat is standing in front of a store .
a man is using a chainsaw to cut a chainsaw .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a green shirt is holding a torch in front of an audience .
a young person is walking down the street .
a group of people are standing around a table .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men in front of a building .
two men are sitting on a bench talking .
a toddler sitting in a sink .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two people are sitting on a sidewalk .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are standing outside of a building .
a line of rollerskater in the air .
a dog runs through the grass .
a little girl is jumping rope .
a man in a suit is taking a picture .
a man in a business suit walks in front of a temple .
a man in a white shirt is looking at something .
a man is walking down a city street .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person in a blue shirt is riding a boat .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man on a boardwalk on the boardwalk .
an old man is riding a bike .
a man riding a bike in the woods .
a girl is playing on a playground .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a game of basketball .
an asian woman walks down the street .
a football player running on the field .
a woman walking down the street .
a football player runs on the field .
a football player carrying a football .
a football player is trying to score the ball .
a football player is attempting to tackle the ball .
the football players are running on the field .
a football player attempts to cross the goal .
a young boy is buried in the sand .
a little boy and a girl are posing for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a young boy is standing on the beach at the beach .
a man is riding a horse with a sword in the background .
a woman is listening to music .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
a girl is playing on a jungle gym .
a woman playing with a dog .
a girl is holding balloons .
a woman poses for a picture .
a girl in a pink shirt is standing in a crowd .
a young girl dances in front of a crowd .
a blond girl dancing in front of a crowd .
a young girl dances with young people .
a girl dancing in front of a crowd .
a blond woman with blond hair is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is using a hammer .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man working with tools .
a person sitting on a bench .
a group of cheerleaders in a roller derby race .
a man in a white shirt is cooking .
a group of people are dancing .
two boys are playing in the water .
two boys are playing soccer .
a dog runs on a track .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are competing in a race .
a black and white dog runs through the mud .
a group of people standing in front of a van .
a man and a woman are watching a man in a white shirt .
a firefighter stands on a firetruck .
an older man is playing a saxophone .
two children , one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are dancing .
two children are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is throwing garbage into a dumpster .
five children are standing in front of a group of children .
a little girl in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a fireman and a group of people are looking at a building .
a group of people are watching traffic .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a little girl is sitting on steps .
a group of people are watching a carnival ride .
two firemen standing at a table .
a person jumping for the ball .
a baseball player prepares to catch the ball at a stadium .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player in a blue uniform is throwing a baseball .
a man in a red and white uniform prepares to throw a basketball in an arena .
a baseball player catching the ball .
a baseball player dives to catch a baseball .
a baseball player trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player diving for the ball .
a man is playing a guitar .
the black dog is running .
two boys are playing in the snow .
three people are drawing with crayons .
a group of people drawing a picture .
a woman is shopping in a store .
three asian people are drawing on paper .
a man is looking at the ocean .
a man in a red shirt is working on a construction site .
a man is working on an art sculpture .
a man working on a project .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs through the forest .
a train station at night .
construction workers are working together .
construction workers in orange vests and hard hats .
a yellow train at night .
a little boy is kissing a young boy .
two dogs running in the grass .
three children at an outdoor event .
two dogs playing in the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two dogs with each other .
a dog runs through the grass .
a man is sitting on a rock overlooking the ocean .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a restaurant .
a man and a dog play with a frisbee .
a woman in a purple blazer is holding a microphone .
a woman is sitting in a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is selling food .
an elderly lady is waiting for her dish .
a man and a woman are walking in the city .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are watching a woman in a black shirt and black pants .
a group of people standing at a table .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a group of soldiers gather around a conference table .
two women are working on a project .
a man wearing a blue shirt and a woman wearing a blue shirt are standing in
a group of people are playing with fire .
a group of people in line .
a group of people performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt and jeans
two ladies walking down the street .
a man hanging out of a beach .
two women walk down the street .
a group of people walk along a sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two women walking down the street .
a chef prepares food on a grill in front of a young man .
two men cooking in a kitchen .
two people cooking in a kitchen .
two chefs are preparing food in a kitchen .
a group of people are standing around a table .
a girl climbing a tree .
a student in the middle of a classroom .
a smiling girl is sitting in a tree .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench .
a group of people are praying .
a woman in a tree is climbing a tree .
a woman is hula hooping .
four people are praying and praying .
the bride and groom are dancing .
a man is preparing food .
a man in a blue shirt washing clothes .
a man looking at laundry .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman is hula hooping .
a black dog jumping across a stream .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman in a black shirt is bowling with a bowling ball .
a girl in a red shirt is playing tennis .
a dark haired man playing the guitar .
a man in a black shirt plays his guitar .
a man is playing a guitar while another man watches .
a man playing a guitar on a stage .
a man and a woman are playing music .
a black man playing a guitar on a stage .
a man and a woman are playing a musical instrument while another man looks on .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of people singing and singing .
two women are performing on stage .
two black men , one black , one black , black , black , black , black , white ,
two african american men posing for a picture .
two men are posing for a picture .
two men are posing for a picture .
two men are looking at a camera .
a man is walking through an urban area .
a man is walking down a narrow street .
a man in a blue jeans and white shirt is standing on a dirty street .
a man in a blue shirt is walking in front of a graffiti covered wall .
a person is looking at an advertisement .
a man is looking at a billboard .
a man walking in public transportation .
a poster of a man walking past a man in a white shirt .
a man in a white shirt is looking at an advertisement .
a girl playing with a ball .
a man in a white shirt stands next to a display of food .
a woman is standing in a grocery store .
a person in a red coat is standing in a window .
a woman is standing in a doorway .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a store window .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a young boy is standing next to a firetruck .
a boy is standing in front of a firetruck .
a boy stands in front of a tractor .
a young boy in a long sleeved shirt is riding a bicycle .
a young boy stands in front of a young boy .
three people are on a beach .
a group of people at the beach .
the beach goers are enjoying the beach .
three boys are walking in the sand .
a man is making candy .
a man sitting on a concrete wall with a hat on .
a man is making cotton candy .
a woman dressed in a white shirt and black pants is standing on a sidewalk .
a little girl in a pink outfit is playing with a hula hoop .
a young girl dressed as a pirate is dancing .
a girl in a red and white outfit is standing in a parade .
a young girl in a red dress is serving a group of people .
a girl in a costume is standing in front of a crowd .
a man is making candy .
a man in a purple shirt is walking along a beach overlooking the ocean .
a man is bending over to pick up a stone structure .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is picking up rocks on the beach .
a man picking up stone on a beach .
three people are competing in a race .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs run in the grass .
people running in a race .
a man is holding a hammer .
a volleyball player getting ready for the ball .
a woman in a red shirt and a woman in a red shirt are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
people running in a race .
two females are running in a race .
people selling fruit at a market .
vendors are selling items .
a man selling goods .
street vendors are selling items .
a group of people are shopping for sale .
vendors are selling produce in a market .
a man in a hard hat is snowboarding .
a group of people are walking down the street .
people shopping at a market .
a busy city street with a city .
people walking down a city street .
a man is taking a picture of a camera .
a man is crossing the road .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture of a building .
a man is walking under green lights .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt is carrying a bag .
a man working on a roof .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt holding a hammer .
an older person is walking down the street .
three men are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is holding a saw .
men walking through a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three young men are walking down the street .
a woman holds a rainbow flag .
a blond woman with blond hair is walking down the street .
a child is jumping in the air while another person is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a red and white outfit is holding a dog .
a lady and her dog are walking through the grass .
a man is sitting on a bus stop .
a boy in a blue shirt is jumping over a wooden fence .
a man is riding a bicycle .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are competing in a race .
several people are riding on the back of a garbage truck .
an athlete is holding onto an object .
a group of men on the back of a truck .
a person is jumping in the air .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man doing a stunt on a skateboard .
a man in a baseball cap is wearing a baseball cap .
men standing on the back of a truck .
two dogs run in a field .
two dogs running in a field .
a man drives a boat in the water .
a man is carving a sculpture of a stone building .
a little girl is riding her back on her back .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two men are standing in front of an elephant .
construction workers working on the roof of a building .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing a handstand on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in the air .
a skateboarder performs a trick in the street .
a man shows off his skateboard .
a dog plays in the water .
a dog swims in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing on the shore .
a dog plays in the water .
a little boy runs through a grassy area .
a dog runs down the beach .
a boy is running in a field .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing in front of a sign .
a woman is running through the water .
a group of workers wearing hard hats .
a woman is sitting on a bench on a sunny day .
a man in front of a group of people .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is taking a picture .
a young man takes a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in an orange shirt and white hard hat is standing in front of a building .
a man is holding a rope .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a view of an intersection on a sunny day .
a person is crossing the street in the rain .
a group of cars on the road .
a busy city street with many shops .
a group of people are crossing the street .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is playing baseball .
a baseball player is trying to catch a baseball .
there is a group of people in the background .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a baseball player is playing baseball .
people playing baseball on a field .
a man in a white jersey is playing softball .
a person is sitting on a bench in front of a building .
a man in a red shirt is playing an instrument .
an intersection with traffic lights .
a person in a blue shirt is listening to headphones .
a busy city street .
a man hitting a ball with his bat .
a woman with long brown hair is holding a long brown hair .
a woman is working in a factory .
a woman is working on a computer .
a woman working in a lab studio .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman working on a computer .
a woman in a brown shirt is attempting to throw something .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting on a computer .
a woman in a white shirt is trying to get something .
a woman is walking past a subway .
a group of people are preparing for a tunnel .
two men shaking hands .
a skateboarder skates down a ramp .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are raising each other .
a skater skating in the air .
two men are standing in front of a flag .
a skater in a roller derby outfit is doing a flip .
a woman ice skates on ice skates .
an old man checking his papers .
two people in front of a fence .
a crowd gathers for a concert .
a person is running with sunglasses on .
a man playing the accordion .
a group of children are sitting in a room .
people are participating in a library .
a group of children are playing tug of war .
two children hold up a red butterfly .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
two children are raising their hands .
a man in a blue shirt is at a surfing wave .
a group of people are watching a performance .
two people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking with a dog .
a view of a bus stop .
a large crowd of people are walking down the street .
a man is standing next to a bus stop .
a bus with a stop sign on it .
a bus stop on the side of a bus .
a woman is running in a race .
two children playing on rocks .
a group of children are sitting on rocks .
a blond boy climbing on rocks .
two boys climbing up a rock .
a man singing into a microphone .
a person is riding a bike .
a snowboarder in the air .
a crowd gathers in a field of grass .
three people are performing on stage .
a child playing with a toy toy .
two african women are looking into a plastic bag .
two women having a conversation .
a child is jumping off a slide into a pool .
a child wearing sunglasses and a red shirt is at the base of a slide .
a woman is swimming in a pool .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman jogging down the street .
a woman running in a race .
a woman is playing in the grass .
a man is riding a bull .
a rodeo rider is competing in a rodeo .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco in a rodeo competition .
three spectators watch a bull .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bull .
a cowboy riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
a cowboy is riding a bull at a rodeo .
a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a child is doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and woman sit on a wall overlooking a waterfall .
a man and two women are sitting in front of a white building .
a man and a woman are sitting next to each other .
a man and two women walk down the street .
a group of friends standing in front of a large white building .
a group of people posing for a picture .
a young boy in a blue shirt is doing a flip in the air .
a roller skater is bent over in the air .
a young boy wearing a helmet is riding a bike .
a little girl wearing a helmet is doing a skateboard trick .
an asian man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a child .
a woman is walking down a city street .
two children are playing with a football .
two children playing on the grass .
a group of children playing soccer .
two children are playing football .
a man in a black jacket and a woman in a black jacket are standing on a motorcycle .
several people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are walking past trees .
two men are sitting in a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
children are walking down the street .
two men are riding scooters .
construction workers on the side of a road .
a small car in a field .
a baby looking into a camera .
construction workers on the street .
a man in a yellow shirt is walking .
a worker in a hard hat is sitting on a bench .
a crowd of people sitting on a bench .
a young man smoking a cigarette .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man smoking a cigarette .
a race car is driving down the street .
a child is diving into a pool .
a person is swimming in water .
cheerleaders in red and white uniforms are playing soccer .
a group of cheerleaders are performing on stage .
a group of cheerleaders in blue uniforms are waiting in a line .
cheerleaders stand on a football field .
a person wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down a street .
a motorcycle is parked on the street .
two dogs run through the grass .
two dogs running in a field .
two dogs are running in the grass .
two dogs run in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
a female tennis player hitting the ball .
a man carries a shopping bag in a plaza .
two dogs running on a path .
a young boy runs in a field .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a bag .
a woman in a field in a field .
a man is sitting against a building .
a coach is talking with a football player .
a football player in a red uniform is talking to a teammate .
a group of people are walking through a field .
a group of people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people in a field .
a group of people in a field .
a large group of people are standing outside a building .
a football player talks to his coach on the football field .
two young boys dressed in summer attire are playing soccer .
a group of people sitting on a pier .
a woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young girl is kneeling on a rock .
a man in a white shirt is walking with a dog .
a young girl plays with a puppy .
a girl in a white shirt leans on a street with a puppy .
two people talking to each other .
a man is talking to a man .
a group of women are working on the ground .
a man is drinking beer .
a woman is eating ice cream .
a young girl eats ice cream .
a woman is eating an ice cream cone .
a lady in a white shirt is holding an ice cream cone .
a woman is eating food .
a man is praying .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people watching a ship .
a group of people on a boat .
a photographer poses for a picture .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a crowd watches a woman on a bridge .
a woman dressed in traditional garb is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
an old man and a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on the shelf of a counter .
construction workers are working on a project .
a man in a black shirt is taking a picture .
a woman washing clothes on a clothesline .
an indian woman is working with her hands .
a woman is smiling at the camera .
a construction worker in a shop .
two children are sitting on a couch .
a boy is riding a bike .
a man in a white shirt is holding a plate of food .
a group of people dressed in white are juggling in front of a crowd .
a man pushes a cart down a sidewalk .
a group of men are looking at the ceiling .
two boys are pulling a rope .
three people walking in front of an old couple .
a young woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman in sunglasses on a beach .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a black and white dog is biting wood .
two young boys and a girl are jumping over a fence .
a dog with a stick in its mouth .
a dog chews on a stick .
a brown dog jumps his teeth .
a brown dog is chewing on a toy .
a tennis player hits a volleyball in the air .
a young woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman walking down the street carrying a bag .
a woman walking down the street .
a man is walking down the street .
a woman is sleeping on a couch .
a woman is preparing for a party .
two dogs are fighting .
a man is walking through a forest .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a person pulls a tree through the snow .
a snowboarder in the snow .
a woman is holding a christmas tree .
a bearded man sits at a table with colorful gloves .
a man sweeping the ground in a parking lot .
a man reading a book .
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is looking at a newspaper .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
two dogs look at the ground .
four dogs play in the grass .
a man and a woman are playing in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing with one another .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a woman is watching a television in a room .
two women drinking ice hockey .
a woman is sitting at a table at a table .
a group of people are riding horses .
an adult is riding a bike .
a man is sweeping the floor .
a mountain biker in a red coat and a backpack .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
two people are working at a construction site .
two guys looking at something .
a man in a green shirt and a woman in a green shirt are sitting in a room .
two medical workers wearing green scrubs are looking at something .
a group of people are walking in a field .
five people are riding horses .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a group of people sitting around a table .
a construction worker in a hard hat is riding a motorcycle .
a smiling woman wearing a hat is holding a striped cloth .
a man in an orange jumpsuit working in an orange jumpsuit .
two men working on a project .
a man stands in front of a microphone .
a man in a blue shirt is reaching for a blue house .
two men are standing outside of a restaurant .
two men in scrubs stand in front of a cafe .
two men sit outside a cafe .
two men are holding an orange sign .
men standing in front of a building .
a man in a blue uniform and a man in a blue uniform are talking to each other .
a white dog running in the snow .
a woman walking down the street .
a black and white dog is running in the snow .
a black and white dog is running through the snow .
a woman is standing on top of a large brown dog .
a woman wearing a black cross coat is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street .
a woman walks down a rocky street carrying a white purse .
a woman with a purse is walking down the street .
a woman is walking down the street carrying a purse .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman is riding a brown horse .
a person is skiing down a snowy hill .
a woman is walking down the street .
people riding horses in the snow .
a woman is walking down the street .
a group of people sit on the floor .
a group of people are standing on the sidewalk .
three police officers , one in a black shirt and one in a black uniform , are standing in front of a group of people .
police officers are working on a project .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a cake .
a building with lights .
a man is riding a bull .
a man is running through a bull fight .
a man in red rides a bull .
a man is taking a picture of a dog .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the ice .
a bus on a bus .
a group of people in a train .
people on a subway train .
a group of people in the subway .
a group of people on a subway .
two fisherman are walking down the street .
a young girl wearing makeup is applying makeup .
a man sleeping on a bench .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking at something .
a boy in a blue shirt is watching a martial arts demonstration .
a young boy is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a white shirt is giving a speech .
a woman wearing a hat is standing in front of a crowd .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a microphone .
a group of men in a parade .
a cowboy is riding a bucking bronco .
a cowboy is riding a horse .
a man wearing glasses is sitting on a bench .
two friends are sitting on a bench .
a boy and a girl are sitting on the grass .
three children and two girls are jumping into a pile of leaves on the ground .
a woman reading a book .
a man playing the guitar .
two girls on steps .
a woman reading a book .
an older man in a subway station .
children are pulling on a rope structure .
a man riding a bicycle in new york city .
a dog runs through the snow .
a young girl in a pink shirt is holding a book .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
two young boys playing with sticks .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a rock .
a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a pool .
a boy is swimming underwater .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a young boy jumping into a swimming pool .
a girl with her hands in her hands .
a woman with blond hair , wearing a black tank top , sunglasses , and a black tank top is standing in a crowd .
a woman in a black shirt is walking down a stage .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs running in a field .
a brown dog walks through a field .
a man in a white shirt is holding a treat .
people waiting in line .
a group of performers sing on stage .
a young girl is walking down the sidewalk .
a woman and two children walk down the street .
a group of children standing in front of a building .
a group of children in a line .
a group of people sitting against a wall .
five girls are sitting in an airplane .
a black and white dog is catching a toy .
a group of people are juggling hands .
a man and a woman are playing basketball .
three people are having a conversation .
a group of friends enjoying the night .
three people are playing a game .
a beer with a beer in the background .
three men are sitting at a table .
three people are playing cards and drinking wine .
three people are playing a game .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people playing a card game .
three people are playing a game on a table .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people playing soccer .
a group of people are having fun .
a group of people are in a kitchen .
a group of people are waiting for a race .
a group of people are hanging from a building .
vendors are selling fruit .
two people are standing on the sidewalk in front of a building .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are sitting at a farmers market .
two men are sitting on the shore of the water .
a person is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of seagulls racing in a boat .
a group of people in canoes in a body of water .
a child looking at a cake .
a girl in a pink shirt is playing the drums .
a dog with a yellow toy in its mouth .
a woman in a red costume is juggling juggling balls .
a crowd of people in a parade .
a dog runs through the grass .
a couple taking pictures .
a dog runs through the grass with a toy in its mouth .
a black and white dog with a toy in its mouth .
a man is sitting on the floor .
a lady is sitting on the beach at the beach .
a monk wearing an orange robe .
a man rests his head on a chair .
an elderly woman in a red shirt is sitting in a chair .
three men are standing outside of a building .
a woman is running down the street .
a man prepares to throw a large bell .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person taking a picture of a woman in a blue shirt .
a man in a blue shirt looks out into the distance .
a man is watching the ocean .
two men are walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man walking down the street .
a family sits outside under a tree .
a group of children are playing soccer .
children playing in a golf field .
a group of children in the street .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a woman is celebrating a birthday birthday .
people are gathered under a sign .
two construction workers under a sign .
two men are standing in front of a microphone .
two people are working on a project .
two men are standing in front of a restaurant .
a large group of people are standing in front of a sign .
two workers are cooking food .
a group of people in a restaurant .
people working in a restaurant .
two construction workers in a restaurant .
two people are working in a restaurant .
a man and a girl at a counter .
a woman and a woman are working at a restaurant .
a black and white dog is biting another dog .
a dog chases another dog in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
an elderly woman in a blue shirt is laughing .
an elderly woman blows out candles on a cake .
two candles on a birthday cake .
a woman is having a birthday birthday .
a woman blows her birthday cake .
a man in a white shirt is standing behind a fence .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , are sitting on a boat overlooking the ocean .
a man in a white shirt is carrying many bags .
two boys running on a basketball court .
two children are playing football .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a sidewalk .
two children playing soccer .
a woman blows her birthday cake .
a little girl is helping another girl in a blue shirt .
two girls wash a horse .
a girl in a pink shirt is hugging a horse .
two children are playing in the snow .
a man is playing tennis .
a man with red hair is playing a guitar .
a shirtless man with a face paint on his face .
a man in a costume is standing in front of a microphone .
two women working on the floor .
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is singing and singing .
a group of women dancing and smiling .
a group of women are sitting on a bench .
a group of people are clapping .
a group of teens are enjoying themselves .
two women walking down the street .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man jogging down the street .
a man is running on a track .
two men running in a marathon .
a baby sitting on a beach .
a man is talking on his cellphone .
a child is sitting on a bench .
a toddler is standing next to a body of water .
a baby is sitting in the grass .
a baby is sitting in a chair .
a girl is standing on the road .
a girl is looking up .
two people are running in a race .
a girl is standing next to a carnival ride .
a little girl with a gray tank top is at a carnival .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a woman is sitting on a carnival swing .
people are looking at a screen .
children playing music on a stage .
a woman is standing outside of a building .
a police officer with a cigarette in his mouth .
a policeman stands next to a traffic post .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
three police officers talking to each other .
an older man is sitting on a bench .
a person is standing in front of a microphone holding a cellphone .
a group of people walking down the street .
a man in a hoodie is standing outside of a building .
a puppy playing with a toy .
a person in a white shirt is standing in front of a store .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people looking up .
a man is talking to a girl .
a group of musicians looking up at the ceiling .
a person in a coat is sitting on steps with his dog .
a woman is sewing on a sewing machine .
a man with a camera is taking a picture .
men sitting on steps with a dog .
a man and a woman are standing outside of a fountain .
a group of people are playing instruments .
a group of men dressed in black are standing in front of a building .
two men are carrying a sword on their shoulders .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a black and white dog plays in the snow .
a dog playing with a toy toy .
a dog leaps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog running in the snow .
a dog runs through a field .
a white cowboy is riding a bucking horse .
a man in a black helmet riding a bike .
a man is standing outside of a building .
a man is thrown off a horse .
a jockey is riding a horse .
a cowboy riding a bucking bronco at a competition .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a porch .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
two young girls are sitting on a bench .
two women are walking down the street .
four women are gathering together .
four women sit on green blankets on a patio .
two women walking down the street .
two women are sitting on a bench .
four women sit on a patio next to a small bush .
four women sitting on a bench .
a boy is riding his bike on a skateboard .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a man wearing a beret is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman in a bikini is jumping into the water .
a group of people are standing near a body of water .
men playing soccer on the beach .
soccer players on the beach .
men playing soccer .
a man is performing on stage .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a group of men are playing soccer .
a man is holding a flashlight .
a black and white dog jumping in the air .
a dog runs through a courtyard .
two dogs play tug of war .
two dogs jumping in the air .
a brown and white dog jumping in the air with a ball in its mouth .
a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
a young man is standing in front of a sheep .
a woman with a brown dog and a woman in a white shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a dog and a man are sitting on steps .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt are standing in front of a crowd .
a woman and a dog walk down the street .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are in the water .
a group of people are standing near water .
people looking at the water .
a man and woman embrace at the water .
a woman is sitting on the steps while another woman looks on .
a man is looking at a canal .
a man climbing a mountain .
a man climbing a mountain .
a young man is climbing a mountain climbing a mountain .
a white man climbing a rock .
a person rock climbing .
a young man climbing a mountain .
a person climbing a mountain .
a man is climbing up a rock .
a man in a harness is climbing a rock .
a dog runs through snow .
two men are having a conversation together .
a man in a white shirt is talking to a man .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
three people are walking down the street .
three people having a conversation .
a bird is sitting on the ground .
a young girl is praying on her arm .
a child stands on a swing .
a child is swinging on a swing .
a child is performing a stunt on a skateboard .
a child is playing in a park .
a child swings on a swing set .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a swing .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a child on a playground .
a child in a playground swing .
a child is standing in a playground .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on a playground .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a swing .
a young boy in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing on a swing .
a boy on a playground slide .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is on a playground .
a toddler is walking down the sidewalk .
a person is climbing up stairs .
two construction workers are working on a construction site .
a young boy in a blue shirt licking a spoon .
a man is sitting on a blue machine .
a bearded man in glasses plays a guitar .
a group of young girls performing a dance on stage in front of a crowd .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a group of girls in red dresses perform on stage .
a young girl in a blue shirt is riding a bike .
a child in a blue shirt is riding a horse .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a child is playing with a toy toy .
a group of people walking down the street .
a girl is riding a bike .
a young girl is approaching a bird .
a girl rides her bike .
a woman is looking up .
a child is playing with a bird .
a girl with dark hair is riding a pink bicycle .
a girl is chasing a bird .
a view of the shade .
a little boy swimming in a pool .
a football player in a red jersey runs with a ball .
a soccer player runs on a soccer field .
a baseball player in a red jersey is running .
a lady is walking on a sidewalk .
a baseball player in a white jersey is throwing the ball .
a baseball player in a red jersey is attempting to hit the ball .
a football player trying to catch the ball .
a group of people competing in a race .
a baseball player slides into base .
a man poses for a picture .
a group of people sitting by a body of water .
an asian woman in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man is riding a bike .
a person riding a dirt bike on a dirt track .
a person rides a bike .
three people are walking down the street .
a person rides a bicycle on the street .
a person rides a bike .
two men are watching a man riding a bike .
a group of people are watching a man in a blue shirt .
a person is riding a bike .
people are swimming in a pool .
two girls playing in a pool .
two girls are playing in a pool .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are playing soccer .
a group of people are gathered near trees .
people playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt is working on a pipe .
a lady in a red and white striped shirt smiles at the camera .
a woman is posing for a picture in front of a crowd .
a woman in a red shirt is holding a red cup .
a woman is blowing bubbles .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog is playing with a black dog .
a dog is blowing bubbles in the wind .
a dog runs through the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
a dog with a tennis ball in its mouth .
two dogs are running in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
the dog is laying on the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a puppy is running through the grass .
a black and white dog is lying down on the grass .
a dog rolling in the grass .
two men are blowing leaves .
a group of people in a room .
a man is cooking on a grill .
a child in a blue shirt is playing a guitar .
a group of women are walking through a forest .
a group of people are looking at vegetables in a market .
two men playing musical instruments .
a man sits next to a body of water .
people shopping at a market .
a man is holding something .
a man is holding a map .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is helping a map .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman is walking along a body of water .
a group of people are standing in front of a sunset .
a clown is in a park .
a clown is performing at a park .
a clown is balancing on the ground .
a clown is putting on a show .
two girls are walking down a hill .
three people are parasailing in the ocean .
a man and two children are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
four people are sitting on a couch .
a young couple walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a bench .
four men , one in a white shirt , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are sitting in chairs in a circle .
a girl poses for a picture .
two young girls on a sled .
a young woman is standing on top of a rock .
a group of people are eating food .
men having a conversation .
a woman in a blue shirt is holding a child .
a man with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person on a bridge with a blue sky .
a man in a white shirt is jumping over a bridge .
a cloudy sky with a cloudy sky .
a boy is holding a tennis racket .
a woman in a bathing suit is standing in the water .
a woman is teaching a child to swim .
cheerleaders are performing a routine .
two people are jumping in the air .
a dog runs through the snow .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a couple walking down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a couple kissing on the beach .
a couple holding hands .
a man and a woman are sitting in water .
a couple sitting on the beach shaking hands .
people standing on a walkway .
a man and a woman on a beach .
two people sleeping on a bench .
a woman sitting in front of a building .
a group of dogs in a field .
a group of people are standing in front of trees .
two dogs run in the grass .
four dogs play in the grass .
two people are walking down the street .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
two people are riding bikes on a sunny day .
two people are walking down the street .
two cyclists are riding in the sun .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman carrying a bag walks down the street .
two women walk around a city street .
a child playing with a toy toy .
a statue of a statue of a statue .
a statue of a statue of a statue of a statue .
a man is taking a break from a barrel .
a woman is shopping at a market .
a person in a toy car with a toy car .
a woman is giving a speech .
a woman with a tattoo on her face .
a group of women in blue and white uniforms .
a woman in a black dress is talking with a woman in a white dress .
two women are sitting on a bench .
girls walking towards a ship .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman in a black dress is walking down the street .
two women are walking down the street .
a group of women in pink dresses walk across a street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
girls in pink dresses crossing the street .
a group of women are walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man is playing a guitar and singing .
a choir is playing a banjo .
a man in a white shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a rollerblader performing a wheelie on a ramp .
a man playing an instrument in front of a woman .
a man with a beard and face paint .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the ground .
an old man with a beard is sitting in a chair .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
an indian man looks through the distance .
a woman is walking down the street .
a child playing on a slide .
two girls are walking down the street .
a man is working on a piece of wood .
a man in a white shirt is carrying something in his hand .
a child in a pool .
a boy swimming underwater underwater .
a young boy in blue swim trunks swims in the water .
a child in a blue shirt is holding a towel .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing next to a body of water .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a dog is running through the snow .
a woman in a yellow suit is sitting on a bench .
a dog jumps at the ball .
a black woman in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a woman is standing in a room .
a black woman in a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting inside a building .
a black woman in a yellow shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of men are standing around a table with food .
a dog runs on the grass .
a black and white dog plays with a ball on the grass .
two dogs play in the yard .
a dog plays in the grass .
a dog playing with a ball .
two men on a carnival ride .
three women carrying an object .
a little boy looking at two women .
three women holding a banner .
a woman in a parade in a parade .
a group of people dressed in costumes .
a child is picking up food on a grill .
a young boy in a blue shirt is grilling meat .
a little boy in a blue shirt is cooking chicken .
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
an old man is walking down the street .
people on a basketball court .
a large crowd of people on the street .
a man wearing a black hat and a hat is holding a microphone .
a man is leaning on a desk .
a man is getting ready to play a game at the beach .
a man in a red shirt playing soccer .
a man is trying to hit a volleyball .
a person is bowling .
a little girl is holding something in her hand .
a young woman wearing a red jacket is taking a break .
a lady in red holds a paper plate .
a woman in an apron is sitting on a bench .
a red haired woman holding a paper plate .
a woman is watching a young child .
a woman and a man pose for a picture on a platform .
a shirtless man is walking down the street .
a woman is playing a video game .
a man and a woman are riding a car .
three people are dancing .
the center of the center of the town .
two men dancing on a stage .
two men are dancing at a festival .
an asian woman with glasses on her head .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing a video game .
a boy is looking at the camera .
a baby is standing in front of a mirror .
a baby in a white shirt is holding a brown and white ribbon .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting in a chair .
a baby is playing with a toy .
a young child is smiling .
a baby is trying to get something .
a baby is sitting on a couch .
a small child is sitting next to a couch .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the beach .
a man is putting on a smile .
a man in a hat poses for the camera .
two girls are sitting on a bench .
a man in a hat is laughing .
two women are sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a child is eating a snack .
a child is eating food .
a child is smiling at the camera .
a boy is eating food .
a boy in a blue shirt is eating food .
a group of people walk through a large city .
a girl in a white outfit is sitting next to a body of water .
a boy riding a scooter .
a child in a blue shirt is holding her face up .
a small child sits on a wooden bench next to a body of water .
a girl sitting on a bench .
a person wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle .
an older man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man points to a child to look at something .
a man pointing at something .
a man pointing at something .
a man in a blue shirt is getting ready to take a picture .
a group of young children are looking at something on a patio table .
a man holding a little girl holding a little girl .
a cook preparing food .
a man in a chef 's mask is cooking .
a man in a white shirt is putting on a piece of paper .
a chef in a white shirt is holding a bottle in his hand .
a boy in a black cap holding a flag .
a person holding an american flag .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a scooter .
a young boy holding a small american flag .
a woman is riding a scooter .
a woman in a blue shirt is getting her car taken by her car .
a small child is riding a small wave .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a man poses for a picture .
a wrestler falls on another wrestler in a ring .
a man on a crowded street .
a man playing a game with a ball in the background .
a man in a white shirt is looking at pedestrians .
a musician is sitting on a street .
a man in a white shirt is holding an object .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the camera .
a young boy in a maroon shirt is standing in front of a building .
a young boy is climbing a rock wall .
a woman in jeans and a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a man is sitting on a carriage with a man standing next to him .
a boy is climbing a rock wall .
a group of young men are sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing soccer .
two guys on a street corner .
a man and a boy standing next to a sign .
a young man in a blue shirt and a young man in a white shirt are
two dogs play in the water .
two cowboys are riding horses .
two men are standing next to each other .
cowboys are trying to rope a calf .
a woman in a black skirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is riding a cart on the street .
a woman is shopping at a market .
a woman pushing a cart full of groceries .
a woman pushing a cart down the street .
a girl on a cellphone is talking on a cellphone .
a wrestler is pointing at something .
a wrestler gets ready to hit the puck .
a gymnast is kneeling on the ground .
a person wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking down a street .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a man holding a baby in front of a bowl .
a blond man is listening to music .
a person in pink is looking at corn on the cob .
a woman walks by a graffiti covered wall .
construction workers working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a group of ladies walking down the street .
a group of people walking down the street .
two dogs play in the snow .
three people are walking down the street .
two women are standing in front of a wall .
a group of children are standing outside of a building .
two women jump in the air .
a woman hitting a ball .
a woman is walking down the street .
a tennis player playing tennis .
a girl is playing tennis .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a child is chewing on a toy .
a man and a woman are standing at a podium .
a woman is walking down the street .
two women are reading a book .
a man in a red jacket is shoveling snow .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans stands in the snow .
a young boy in a snow jacket is looking at something in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
a drummer plays the drums .
two women are looking at signs .
two women are reading a book .
two girls are reading a book on the sidewalk .
two girls looking at a ticket .
a group of people at the beach .
a group of people are looking at buckets .
a child in a purple shirt is filling a suitcase .
a girl in a red top is standing on a red beam .
a group of people are walking along a street .
a person is hanging upside down .
a baby crying .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a building .
a homeless man is trying to take a picture .
a person does a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing a handstand on a trampoline .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a woman in a dress is holding a sword .
a person walking down a sidewalk .
a person walking down the street .
two climbers are sitting on a ledge .
a group of people watching an event .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of people in a building .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing in a room looking to the left .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a striped shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
a man in a skirt is standing in a room with other people in the background .
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
two monks on a staircase .
two monks are walking down the street .
two people are walking down the stairs .
two men are walking down the stairs .
two people are climbing stairs .
two monks walk down the stairs .
two monks walk down a flight of stairs .
a mechanic is taking a picture .
two dogs stand next to each other .
two monks are walking down the street .
a group of people are relaxing in front of a booth .
a child on a slide .
a group of people are riding bikes .
a woman talking to two women .
two women having a conversation .
a woman speaks into a microphone .
a group of girls talking to each other .
three women , one in a white shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing by a row of sand .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
two small dogs play in the snow .
two dogs playing in the grass .
a busy city street .
a person is sleeping on a blanket .
a group of people climbing a mountain .
a toddler is sitting on a swing .
a baby is sitting on a blanket .
a baby is sitting on a blanket in the grass .
a baby sitting on a blanket .
a baby is sitting on a bench .
a baby is sitting on a blanket on a blanket .
a dog plays with his dog .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is standing next to wood .
a man in a white shirt is watching a woman .
two people are looking at each other .
a young man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a man and a woman pose for a picture .
a man wearing a black tank top is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is pulling on a line .
a man in a white shirt is standing on metal beams holding a pole .
a man rides his bicycle down the street .
a person stands in front of a fence .
a man stands in the middle of a cliff .
a man stands in front of a building .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man in a white shirt is looking at the sky .
a man is painting a picture .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
a man rides his bike down a path .
a football player in a red and white uniform is hitting the ball .
a man is holding a traffic sign .
a man is directing traffic .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of some bushes .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a building .
a man holding a sign .
a man wearing a hat is standing in front of a building .
a man with a beard is smiling at the camera .
a black and white dog is jumping in the air .
a group of soccer players are dancing .
a man is holding a sign .
a baby is laughing .
a large black dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is speaking into a microphone .
two men in green shirts are standing in a field .
an elderly person is standing next to a wall .
a group of people are playing in the grass .
an old man is sitting on a bench .
two boys are playing in the mud .
a group of people are walking on the beach .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
protesters in front of an elementary school school .
a crowd of people are in the street .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a plate of food .
a man and a woman are protesting .
two men sitting in a hospital bed .
a man in a black shirt is talking on a cellphone .
a little girl is sitting on a soccer ball .
three women are standing on the edge of a cliff .
a man stands behind a small black dog .
a man is playing with a frisbee .
a man is watching a german shepherd .
two women are talking to each other .
two women walking down the street .
three women are sitting on a bench .
three women are walking down the street .
three women are sitting on a bench .
a group of women on rocks .
two women on a cliff .
a woman is taking a picture of another woman .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a man
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .
a man is jumping on a trampoline .
a dog is climbing on a trampoline .
a man skateboarding on a ramp .
two men are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing outside of a temple .
a group of people are preparing food .
a little girl is preparing a birthday cake .
a group of people in a studio .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a person is standing at the top of stairs .
a man is hanging out of a building .
a woman is making a cake .
a girl is riding a seesaw on the beach .
three dogs play in the grass .
a child hangs off a train .
a woman is holding a cake .
a boy hangs from the monkey bars .
a little boy is playing in the playground .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar in a band .
a guitarist sings into a microphone .
a man playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man is playing a guitar .
two men pose for a picture .
a group of people are walking through a lobby .
a man is standing next to a man who is standing next to him .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
two dogs running in a field .
a crowd of people are gathered around a table .
a group of people are sitting at tables in a cafe .
people relax on a sidewalk .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a fountain .
a large group of people in a city square .
a group of people are standing in the middle of a circle .
a group of people are crossing the water on a sunny day .
a crowd of people waiting on a dock .
a group of people are relaxing near a stream .
a group of people are having a conversation .
an elderly man walks down the street .
a girl looking at vegetables .
a man talking to another man .
two men are cleaning the windows of a building .
a group of musicians playing instruments at a concert .
a group of people playing instruments .
six musicians are playing music .
six people are playing instruments .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man wearing a helmet is riding a motorcycle .
a girl taking a picture .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist drives a green motorcycle .
a man in a black shirt dancing .
a man and a dog swimming in the water .
a man and a dog in the water .
two men are performing on stage .
a man is standing outside of a cafe .
a small tree in front of a building .
a person standing in front of a building .
a man standing in front of a candy store .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a business store .
a man standing by a cafe .
a man wearing protective gear is sitting on a bench in front of a store .
a man standing outside of a candy cafe .
a man is standing in the sun .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is jogging down the street .
a man is standing in front of a store cafe .
a young man is walking past a construction site .
a man is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
a group of women dressed in martial arts clothing are practicing martial arts .
a woman and girl playing with a ball .
a soccer player in a red jersey is playing the game .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a crowd .
two women in a park .
a woman in a white shirt holding a candle .
a soccer player kicks the goal .
two women are fighting each other .
a man in a blue shirt is fishing .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a horse .
two children are dancing at a ballet .
two young boys sleeping .
two children are sleeping in a hospital room .
a woman holding a camera .
children playing on the floor .
four people sitting on a bench .
a waitress holding a tray of food .
a group of people dancing .
a man in a suit holding yarn .
a woman and three men are sitting at a counter .
a group of people sitting in a bar .
a waiter with a tray is holding a tray of food .
a woman in a bikini is taking pictures of a man in a bikini .
two dogs are running through the grass .
two men are performing on stage .
a group of musicians are playing instruments outside .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a group of young people playing soccer .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing a guitar .
a man playing a guitar in front of a microphone .
a man and a woman are dancing with a woman in a white shirt .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is performing on stage with his guitar .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man and a woman are jumping together .
a woman in a large hat is standing next to a table .
a woman in a white hat and a white hat is standing in front of a microphone .
a lady in a red hat is standing next to a red trashcan .
a group of people are on a city street .
a bus with a bus .
a woman is talking to a man in a white shirt .
a man in a hard hat is working on a machine .
two people sitting on steps .
a group of men are watching a man in a white shirt .
a woman is playing football .
a woman in a bathing suit stands in front of a body of water .
a young person is hanging out of water .
a woman is standing next to a body of water .
a woman in a bathing suit on a beach .
a person is buried in the sand .
a person working on a structure .
a flock of pigeons walk through the grass .
a person is walking along a boardwalk .
a man and a woman are waiting to cross the water .
a man is standing on top of a cliff .
a little girl in a bathing suit is playing in the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a child is playing in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog runs on the ground .
a girl is playing in the sand .
a group of girls on stage .
a group of women sitting on the floor .
a group of girls are watching each other .
a group of people sitting in a dark room .
a lady is preparing food .
a girl jumping into the ocean .
a little girl is sitting on the beach at the beach .
children sitting on a park bench .
a group of people in the snow .
two people are having a conversation .
a man with his finger in his hands .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a group of men are performing in a competition .
a man in a white shirt is jumping up a ramp .
a child is standing in front of a washing machine .
a man and his son are playing outside .
people are standing on a street looking at food .
people looking at the sky .
a group of people are eating outdoors .
a man is sitting on the grass .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
two toddlers are playing in the grass .
a man and a boy are walking down the street .
a person hiking at night .
a group of people talking to each other .
a group of people shopping at night .
a group of people are standing in front of a business .
people standing outside of a store .
a group of people gathered outside a building .
a man breakdancing in front of a crowd .
a toddler dressed in pink is brushing her teeth .
a small baby crying .
a group of young boys watch as they watch .
a baby crying .
a rugby player in a white jersey is running towards the ball .
soccer players playing soccer .
a rugby player is trying to block the ball .
a man is playing rugby .
a soccer player in a red and white uniform is playing with the ball .
students are sitting at an art gallery .
a family prepares for a meal .
two rugby players playing rugby .
a woman is dancing on a stage .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a boy is skateboarding on a skateboard .
a man in a green shirt and black shorts is jogging down the street .
two men are hugging each other .
two men posing in front of a microphone .
a view of a snowy landscape with trees in the background .
there are trees in the background .
a mountain view of trees .
a view of a snowy mountain .
there are trees in the background with trees in the background .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a skateboarder does a trick on a skateboard .
this is a picture of a model store .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a window .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt is cooking in a kitchen .
a man holding a sign .
a man is holding a sign on a pole .
a man holding a sign .
a pole in the water .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a motorcyclist is riding a motorcycle .
people looking at a car .
a motorcycle parked in front of a crowd .
a couple looking at a brown motorcycle .
a man and a woman are riding a motorcycle .
a woman in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a female tennis player wearing a white shirt and white skirt is playing tennis .
a tennis player has her hair in the air .
a tennis player in a red shirt is playing tennis .
a football player in a white shirt is tied to the ground .
a group of people are working on a project .
a group of people are working on a project .
a group of people are working on a project .
a group of people are walking down a street .
a group of people are doing repairs .
people at an airport .
people are walking down an airport .
a crowded airport with an umbrella .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are standing near an airport .
a young woman in a yellow shirt rides a surfboard in the ocean .
a woman learning how to swim .
a woman is laying on a bench .
a woman in a blue shirt is watching a wave .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
a man in a red shirt is looking at the camera .
a bike rider in a red shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a red shirt is standing next to a metal pole .
a bike rider in the air .
a person in a red shirt is looking up .
a band is performing on stage .
a group of children are watching a child in a blue shirt .
a band plays music .
a person climbing a rock .
a man with a brown dog and a black dog is playing with a dog .
people walk down a city street .
pedestrians walk down the street .
a group of people are walking on a city street .
a group of people on the street .
a group of people in a city .
a person in a white shirt is holding a chicken .
teenagers working on a paper .
a group of people are walking together .
a group of people in yellow vests and black pants are walking in a parade .
two men are pulling a football on a trail .
two men are pulling a heavy object .
a group of men are pulling their guns .
a woman in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is playing golf .
a man is preparing food .
a cook is posing for a picture .
a man is playing golf .
a man raising his golf club in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a man is holding a golf club .
a group of people are playing golf outside .
a man playing golf in a golf field .
a man and a woman crossing the street .
a young lady sits under a large tree reading a book .
a girl is looking at binoculars .
a young man wearing a gold helmet is working on a project .
a man wearing a helmet riding a motorcycle .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a security guard wearing a helmet .
a girl is reading a map .
a man giving a speech at a podium .
a woman in a white lab coat and a woman in a white lab coat .
a man holding a stick .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a person standing next to a car .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a car .
a man fishing .
a black and white dog is playing a saxophone .
a man is holding a stuffed animal in his mouth .
two dogs play in the grass .
people playing softball in a stadium .
a child is pushing his bike through the grass .
a man is speaking to a large crowd .
a dog laying in the grass with a man in the background .
a toddler is playing in the ocean .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a black and white dog is running through the sky .
a dog is painting his owner .
a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a lady with a bowl on her head .
two people standing in front of a truck .
two firefighters standing in front of a truck .
an accident of an accident .
a rider is jumping over a fence .
two girls are playing basketball .
a jockey is jumping over a fence .
two young women talking to each other .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three people are sitting on a bench .
a group of people competing in a race .
a man is walking on the beach .
a little toddler is crying .
a man in a blue jersey holding a football .
an artist is sitting down .
a child is playing in the water .
a young girl in a pink shirt and a girl in a white shirt are playing with a group of children .
a man is looking at a red van .
two hockey players are running .
a hockey player runs on the field .
a group of people sitting on a bench .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man reading a paper .
three guys playing hockey on the lawn .
a woman in a dress is sitting on a swing .
a man is jumping on a small dog .
a young boy is riding a skateboard .
a man in a leather jacket is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a white shirt is writing on paper .
a young boy in a blue shirt is swimming in the water .
a swimmer is being pulled by a young boy in a softball field .
a girl is swimming in a pool .
a person in a swimming pool holding a fishing pole .
a child is holding a tube .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a lady is sitting on a bench .
a woman sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a woman working in a workshop .
a young boy in a blue shirt is making a dish with a bowl .
a mother is reading a book .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans is walking down a sidewalk .
a man playing tennis .
a golfer is about to hit the ball .
a man is playing golf on a golf course .
a skier skiing down a mountain .
two men climbing a rock face .
a man skiing down a hill in the snow with snow in the background .
a skier skiing down a slope .
a skier glides down a slope .
a man reading a paper .
a man is looking at a newspaper .
a man reading a newspaper .
an old man is reading a newspaper in front of a graffiti covered wall .
an old man is holding a paper .
an old man is reading a newspaper outside .
a man is holding a newspaper .
a man reading a paper .
a man reading a newspaper .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a baseball player in a blue jersey is attempting to hit the ball .
a group of people are playing in the sand .
a black and white dog kicks up sand into the air .
a dog plays in the sand .
a dog runs through the snow .
a black and white dog is running into the air .
a baseball player gets ready to hit the ball .
a person is catching a ball .
people playing baseball .
a baseball player slides by an umpire .
a group of people are playing baseball .
a group of people playing baseball .
two women are looking at the sky .
a boy in a yellow shirt sitting in a park .
a child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is trying to fix a gun .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two guys are reading a paper .
a group of men are sitting around a table .
two men are standing in front of a microphone .
two men are reading a book .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man and a woman are practicing martial arts .
a woman is leaning against a wall .
a woman is standing next to a building .
a person is leaning against a wall .
a woman is standing in front of an advertisement .
a woman is standing next to a wall .
a woman is sitting at an organ .
a man is playing a guitar .
two children are playing in the water .
a woman in a white shirt plays the cello .
a woman playing an instrument .
kids playing in the water .
a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with his friends .
two boys are playing soccer .
a young boy is playing with a toy toy .
a group of people in the water .
a group of people are walking in the water .
three people in a boat .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people are sitting on a boat .
a person on a motorcycle is holding up his arm .
a soccer player is playing soccer .
a baseball player prepares to kick the ball .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a girl playing soccer .
two people in front of a fountain .
people rest in a forest .
a group of people are gathered around a table .
four people sit outside in the shade .
four people sitting next to a body of water .
an older man leading his donkey .
two children jumping into the air .
a child is sleeping on a couch .
a boy sleeps on a sofa .
a group of people jumping in the air .
a man is sitting on the sidewalk playing his guitar .
a man playing the guitar .
a man in a red shirt playing the accordion .
a man is playing a guitar .
a group of people sitting at a table .
the referee is trying to get the puck .
a group of girls are sitting at a table .
a man in a blue shirt is carving his airplane .
people looking at each other .
a child and a dog look at each other .
two people sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is working on a model airplane .
a man is holding a plane .
a person is posing for a picture .
a person in a blue shirt and black pants is brushing her teeth .
a young man with a mohawk is using a microphone .
a young person in a blue shirt is taking a picture .
a young man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a young man with a mohawk and a cowboy hat is using a microphone .
a young person is singing into a microphone .
a young man in a plaid shirt is standing in a doorway .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is walking down the street .
a lady in a dress sweeps the street .
a man in a suit is sitting on a bench .
a person riding a bike in the woods .
a child is holding a child 's hand .
two dogs play in the grass .
a woman with long hair and a black shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
a couple walking down the street .
a group of people are walking down the street .
two people walk down the street .
a man and a woman walk down the street .
a man and a woman are hugging .
two soccer players stand on the soccer field .
a group of soccer players celebrating a win .
a little girl is sweeping the road in the street .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a group of soccer players on the field .
a man is looking at a card .
a man in a vest and sunglasses is looking at cards at a stand .
a dog chases a toy .
a man in a green shirt is standing in a field .
a man painting a picture .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a pile of hay .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting on the floor .
a man is painting a picture .
a father and son eating food .
a man and a child stand near a pond .
a man and a boy on a street .
a group of people are carrying an object .
a man in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt are sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a store .
a man is shopping in a grocery store .
a woman in a gray shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man with a carriage is pulling a carriage .
a woman cutting cake .
a man is cutting a cake .
a woman is cutting a cake .
a man cutting a cake .
a lady in a white shirt is standing next to a cake .
a woman is cutting a knife .
a woman cutting a cake while sitting next to an older woman .
a man and a woman are standing in a kitchen .
a lady in a white shirt is sitting at a table .
a woman is being helped by a woman in a blue shirt .
two ladies serving cake .
two women , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are cutting a cake .
two young women having a conversation .
a bride is smiling and smiling .
a man is playing a video game .
a lady in a white shirt is holding balloons .
a man in a blue shirt is playing a banjo .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are riding on the back of the road .
two people standing in front of a cake .
a brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red shirt is eating .
a man jumping in the air .
a man jumps over steps .
a man jumps over an object in a gym .
a male gymnast wearing a blue shirt and black pants is leaping into the air .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
two women are walking past a department store .
a group of people are eating a meal .
a woman in a white shirt is holding a bird .
a woman in a black dress is taking a picture .
a little girl with a beard is looking into a microscope .
a woman in jewelry holding a loom .
a woman in a white shirt is holding something .
two street performers perform on stage .
a person is riding a motorcycle .
two girls are walking down the street .
two nurses are standing in front of a store .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a swimmer in a swimming pool .
three women are having a conversation .
a group of people are looking out of a window .
a girl stands by a window .
people at a restaurant .
a man in glasses shoveling snow .
two dogs on leashes on leashes .
a man shoveling snow .
a man and a woman are walking down the street .
soccer players playing soccer .
a man and a woman are standing next to each other .
a man and a young girl play in a park .
a little girl in a large dress is standing in front of a large shack .
people riding horses .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a mirror .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the street .
a woman in a red coat is standing on a sidewalk .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of people at a playground .
two children are playing in the sand .
people playing on a slide .
a group of people sliding down a slide .
a mother and her child are walking down the street .
a woman is playing with a hula hoop .
a child in a blue shirt is standing next to a tree .
a mother and her daughter are sitting on a bench .
two women are putting on makeup .
a crowd of people standing outside a building .
a man and a woman getting her makeup done .
a woman is applying makeup .
a bride and groom getting married .
a woman getting her makeup done .
a woman is applying makeup .
a baseball player walks across the field .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
people gathered in front of a television .
seagulls fly at the beach .
two dogs in the air .
a group of birds in the water .
two birds on a beach .
seagulls fly at the beach .
a boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a young boy is holding a card .
a baby is playing with a toy toy .
a little boy is playing a game .
a man is loading flowers on a vehicle .
a woman is riding a bicycle .
people sitting on a bench waiting for the train .
two women in a subway tunnel .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a woman is talking on a cellphone .
a woman in a white dress is standing on a sidewalk .
a man with a cap and brown shirt is standing behind a row of luggage .
a white and white cow lies on the ground .
a little girl wearing a pink dress is standing on the sidewalk .
a little girl is sitting at a coffee shop .
three guys are playing monopoly .
a girl writing in a book .
three men are playing soccer .
three guys playing monopoly .
a woman is writing .
a man is sitting at a table playing a game of basketball .
three men are playing monopoly in a living room .
three young men playing chess .
two men , one in a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are sitting in a living room .
two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing at a table .
a brown haired boy is swimming in a pool .
a man with a brown hat and black hat is holding a bear .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
three people sitting around a table .
a dog is chasing another dog .
a man is cooking food on a grill .
a group of people are sitting at a table .
a man is grilling meat on a grill .
two people are looking at each other .
a group of children in white shirts are watching a man in a white shirt .
a group of men are watching a group of children .
a group of men are looking at something .
a group of children are sitting in a circle .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a man is grilling meat on a grill .
a man in a blue shirt is sleeping on the ground .
a child practicing karate .
three girls wearing sunglasses dancing in a home .
a dog jumps in a race .
two women eating food .
a woman is taking a picture of another woman .
a dog in a race .
the dog is running through the grass .
two women eating food .
a man is sitting on a boat .
construction workers in orange vests and hard hats .
construction workers at a train station .
a man sleeping in the grass .
two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in a truck .
a man is working on a boat .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a blue shirt is working on a farm on a farm .
two women walking down the street .
a woman is riding a bike in front of a crowd .
a group of people are walking down the street .
three women and a man walk down the street .
two men looking through microscopes .
five boys are playing soccer .
a woman with a scarf on her head .
a man is carrying a glass glass .
two men , one in a white shirt and the other in a white shirt , are working together .
two men are putting a sheet of glass .
people walking down a street .
a group of people having a conversation .
a man and a woman enjoying a meal .
two women and a man walking down the street .
a dog with a ball in its mouth .
a dog catches a ball in a field .
two men , one wearing a gray shirt and one in a blue shirt , are sitting on a bench .
a black and white dog is playing tennis .
a gray dog is looking at the ball in the air .
a person is digging in the snow .
two women cleaning up a tree .
a young child is raking leaves .
a young child is using a leaf blower .
a person in a black shirt and black pants is doing a flip in the air .
cyclists are racing in a race .
a group of cyclists are riding bikes .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of men riding bicycles .
two girls smiling .
a man is doing a trick on a wall .
a group of men in a race .
two women are running in a race .
a group of people are running .
people on a beach .
people are running in a marathon .
people walking at a beach .
a man in a hoodie is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building .
a small group of children are dancing with books .
a group of children dancing together .
children are dancing in a dance .
a group of children are dancing .
a group of children dressed in blue shirts and blue jeans are playing in the sand .
a man playing a guitar .
a young girl is putting a sheet of paper .
a woman is standing next to a booth .
a volleyball player dribbles the ball .
a group of people are playing volleyball .
a picture of a christmas tree .
two volleyball players stand next to a net .
a young person is standing next to a tree .
a child is painting a tree .
a small child hangs from a rock .
volleyball players compete on a volleyball court .
a man is sitting on a bench outside a shop .
a man is sitting on a diving board .
a man is crossing the street .
a young man in the middle of a street .
a young man is crossing a busy street .
the road is driving down the road .
a young man is walking down the street .
a boy swimming in a pool .
a woman is jumping in the air .
a monkey is jumping into the air .
a man and a woman are sitting on a couch .
a group of people are jumping in the air .
a construction worker working on a rope .
a woman crossing the road .
a group of people performing on stage .
a football player runs on the football field .
a football player running on the field .
a football player in a red jersey is playing the football .
a football player runs towards the ball .
a football player in a red uniform is wearing a red uniform .
several women in colorful costumes dance .
a group of people are walking down a city street in front of a clothesline .
several people in front of a clothesline .
a woman carrying a purse is crossing the street next to several children .
a lady carries a bag in the street .
a person is standing on an object in the air .
a man is looking at a container .
a woman in a white shirt is using a puzzle .
a person is riding a train .
a woman dressed in black is standing in front of a microphone .
a woman is sitting on a train .
a woman is sitting on a train .
two dogs running in a field .
a man is running through mud .
a man and a dog are standing near the ocean .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man is walking his dog on the beach .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a little girl is sitting on a bench .
a person in a red coat is walking down the street .
a child in a red coat is standing in the snow .
a climber is on a rock .
people eating food at a mountain range .
a man is riding a train .
a girl writing on a piece of paper .
two girls walk along a log in a field .
two dogs are playing tug of war .
three children are standing in front of a billboard .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a store .
a woman in a white shirt stands in the city .
three children are posing for a picture .
a woman standing in front of a microphone .
a group of doctors performing surgery .
a man is sitting on a bench .
medical professionals watching a surgery .
a person in a black shirt holding a balloon sculpture .
a student is doing surgery .
a woman reading a book .
two women , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are walking down the street .
a man is doing a trick in the air .
a group of men playing instruments .
a group of friends playing soccer .
a man is playing a game of checkers .
two men are walking down the street .
two men are walking down the street .
two men playing chess .
a worker wearing protective gear is working on a construction site .
a group of people at a construction site .
a man in a hard hat is picking up trash .
a man working on a construction site .
a man standing next to a bulldozer .
a young man is kneeling in front of a young girl .
a blond woman sitting in a chair reading a magazine .
a woman with blue hair standing in the subway .
a couple talking to each other .
a bulldozer in the air .
a girl in a blue tank top and sandals is walking down the street .
a boy wearing a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a horse .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of couples dancing in a courtyard .
a group of young girls in black dresses are standing in front of a large crowd .
a group of people are dancing .
a group of boys are standing in front of a lake .
a person in a red shirt is jumping in a wooded area .
children eating food in front of a waterfall .
a group of people are standing outside near the ocean .
a child in a yellow shirt and green hat is standing in front of a yellow car .
children sitting by a statue of a statue .
three children are sitting next to each other .
a band plays at a concert .
three people working in a field .
two men are working on a roof .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a group of people walking down the street .
a woman is standing on the street with her purse and bags .
a man is sitting on a bench with his legs crossed .
a person posing for a picture on a cobblestone street .
two men are preparing a piece of cloth .
a man in a white shirt is walking towards a car .
construction workers working at work .
a group of workers working on a train .
people waiting for a train .
people working in a plastic bag .
a group of people are working together .
a person in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a person is holding a beer bottle .
two men are working on a project .
two women dancing on a street .
a father plays with his children .
a group of people are standing outside of a waterfall .
people playing soccer on a field .
a man is holding a child .
men playing soccer in a soccer field .
two men are standing outside of a building .
two men are doing martial arts .
men playing soccer .
men playing soccer in the grass .
a man pushes a little boy on a swing .
a group of people are swimming in a pool .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a group of swimmers are walking along the edge of a pool .
a swimmer swims in the pool .
a man in a white shirt is applying mascara to the ground .
a black man with a white hat works with tools .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a building .
a man in a white shirt is holding a hammer .
a man is working on a project .
a man in a white shirt is carrying tools .
a group of people are standing near water .
a man working on a piece of wood .
a man is standing in front of an audience .
a soldier helps two children .
a man is speaking to a crowd of people .
an older man gives a presentation to another man .
three women are walking down the street .
a girl in a baseball uniform is playing a baseball game .
two girls are playing a game .
two girls playing baseball .
two girls on a baseball field .
a group of girls at a baseball game .
a woman in a white jersey is holding a football .
a person is riding a bicycle .
two men are standing near a railing .
three men are sitting on a balcony on a balcony .
a boy is bowling .
six men , one wearing jeans and a blue shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are sitting on a rock .
a group of young men waiting in line .
a group of men are sitting on a bench .
a group of young men are sitting on a balcony .
a group of men are sitting around a table .
six men are standing in a crowd .
men playing instruments on stage .
four men sitting on a bench .
a man is climbing a large rock face .
a group of string musicians are performing on stage .
a group of people on stage .
a man with black hair and glasses holding a camera .
a man is taking a picture of another man .
an asian man with a camera is holding a camera .
a photographer takes a picture .
an asian man with a camera is holding a camera .
a group of people walk by a camera .
a woman and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a student is talking to another student .
a group of people are running .
a group of people on a beach .
people running on a beach .
a group of people running in the grass .
the beach is running on the beach .
several people are running on a sandy beach .
two children are playing on sand .
a man with a black cap and a black cap is holding a black cup .
a group of people running in the sand .
a group of men are standing in front of a building .
a man in a suit and a man in a white shirt are dancing .
a group of people waving a flag .
a crowd of people are singing .
people standing on a stage .
a child is standing in front of a building .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street .
a man with a book is sitting on a bench .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
a man is talking on a cellphone .
two firefighters dressed in military gear .
a child jumping in the air .
a man in a white shirt is sitting in a chair .
a man and a boy in a bedroom .
a man and a child are jumping on bed .
a man is jumping on a bed on a bed .
a group of people in a bedroom .
a young child plays in the kitchen .
a little girl is laying on a bed .
a child is jumping on a couch while a man looks on .
a child playing on a bed .
a child in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a group of people are sitting in a room .
a man in a yellow shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man and a boy are standing in the street .
a man is sitting on a bed next to a bed .
a group of people in a room .
a man and a woman are jumping in the air .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping on a bed with his arms .
a man is getting ready to jump off a bed .
a person jumping off a bed .
a female gymnast wearing a red leotard is doing a handstand .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a young boy sleeps on the floor .
a child is looking at something .
a worker in a hard hat is walking down the sidewalk .
a girl hangs off a rock wall .
a little girl is hanging from a basketball hoop while another boy watches .
a young girl is hanging in the air .
a basketball player in a white shirt and a girl in a white shirt are on a basketball court .
a young girl is sitting on the ground .
a young girl is sitting in a chair in front of a building .
a man is hanging out of a basketball hoop .
a young girl in a pink dress is sitting on a swing .
a man looking at something .
two men in front of a bar .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bar .
a man standing by a bar .
a man in a bar with friends in the background .
a band plays on stage .
a group of women in a library .
three women ride a horse .
three women and a woman are kissing a carriage .
two women are riding a carriage .
a group of people are riding bikes .
three women are standing in a vehicle .
a group of people wearing dresses are walking down the street .
a woman in a yellow shirt and a woman in a black shirt are walking down a street .
three women are riding a bike .
a police officer is talking to someone .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
workers working on railroad tracks .
people standing next to a train tracks .
two men are working on a roof .
construction workers in the middle of the railroad tracks .
construction workers performing maintenance on a train track .
a group of people working on a train track .
two men are cleaning the floor .
people are standing in front of a subway .
two men are cleaning up the ground .
a group of men in orange vests cleaning up a subway station .
men cleaning up a subway .
workers working on railroad tracks .
three men in hard hats are cleaning the subway tracks .
three people cleaning the subway tracks .
a group of people are cleaning the floor .
two men are working on a subway train .
a group of people wearing bright colored clothing .
children running in a grassy field .
a group of children are running around a playground .
children are riding bikes .
children running towards a truck .
three children running on a dirt road .
a woman in a red shirt is standing in the middle of a field .
a tennis player is sitting by a tennis court .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a woman in a white shirt looks at a tennis ball .
a woman sitting in a chair with a blue wall behind her .
a young girl is enjoying the day on a sunny day .
a woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a microphone .
a man in a uniform sits at the edge of a court .
a little girl is sitting on a swing .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a swing .
a young child in a blue shirt is walking down the street .
a girl in a dress walks across a lawn .
a girl in a pink shirt is sitting on the grass in a grassy area .
a young girl in a blue shirt is walking in a field .
a person walking down the street .
a man in a green shirt is running behind a house .
a little girl in a pink shirt is sitting on a bench .
a child is walking with a toy .
a woman is sitting on a bench .
a kid playing with a ball .
a middle eastern man walks through a field .
a man in a gray shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking through a field .
here is a picture of a lecture .
a man in a white shirt is walking past a cow .
a man laughing and laughing .
an old man is singing into a microphone .
a construction worker fixing a mat .
a young woman is running in a race .
a person is walking down the street .
a teacher is being held by a teacher .
a construction worker reaching for something .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench .
a group of students in a classroom .
a teacher is teaching a class .
a teacher reading a book .
a teacher teaching a class .
a teacher is reading a book .
a man in a blue shirt is praying in the water .
a woman in a costume is standing in a crowd .
a man in a wetsuit is holding a surfboard .
a man in a red swimsuit is surfing .
a man in a blue shirt is on a wakeboard .
a man is diving into a pool .
two construction workers are working on a wall .
two construction workers are standing near a yellow wall .
construction workers working on a project .
a construction worker in a white shirt is standing on a ladder .
two construction workers are working together .
two men in a room with a ladder .
a group of men are sitting in a room .
a man is standing on a ladder .
a man on a ladder on a ladder .
a man and a woman in a room .
construction workers working on a construction project .
men working on a structure .
a group of men wearing safety vests and hard hats are working on a roof .
two men wearing safety vests and hard hats are working on construction .
two men are working on a project .
people in front of a blue wall .
a man is riding a motocross bike .
a man climbing a ladder .
a young boy in a bathing suit is looking at the ocean .
a crowd of people are enjoying a bar .
a group of young people celebrating and celebrating .
a party party at night .
a group of young adults enjoy a party .
a party party at night .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people enjoying a party .
a group of people at a party .
a group of people sitting on the grass .
a group of young boys and two girls are sitting on a bench .
three people are talking near a wall .
four people are walking down the street .
a person walks along the road .
a man is walking with mountains in the background .
a person walks down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a man in a white shirt is walking down the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd .
two men are looking at a tennis ball .
a crowd waits at a train station .
a group of people dressed in black .
a man in a leather jacket is standing on a sidewalk .
two people are standing next to each other .
a person in a jacket is holding his arms .
two men hold hands and walking .
a person is holding hands while holding hands .
a young lady is cooking chicken at a park .
a young lady is cooking at a park .
a group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans stands in a blue chair .
a boy and a man are standing outside of a store .
a boy standing outside of a shop .
two people are standing outside of a building .
a boy in a blue shirt is looking through a window window .
a man in a blue shirt is standing outside of a building .
a young boy is standing in front of a building .
a young boy standing on a street corner .
an asian boy and a man walk up a sidewalk .
a child on a roller coaster .
a boy rides a roller coaster .
a roller coaster on a roller coaster .
a person sits under a sign .
a boy rides a roller coaster .
several people waiting in line .
a person is riding a bike in the street .
a bmx biker performs a trick in front of the ocean .
a bmx rider riding a bike .
a man in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing in front of a crowd .
a cyclist performs a trick in midair .
a man performing a trick on a skateboard .
a cyclist doing tricks on his bike .
a cyclist performs a trick in midair .
a cyclist performs a trick on his bike .
men taking pictures of each other .
a man taking a picture of a window .
a man is taking a picture .
a man in a blue shirt taking pictures .
a baseball pitcher wearing a baseball cap and a baseball cap is talking to base .
a guy skateboarding in a park .
two players in blue and white uniforms stand on a baseball mound .
two baseball players , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are standing in a field .
two baseball players playing baseball .
two men standing in front of a building .
two baseball players , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a blue uniform , are playing baseball .
two men are walking down the street .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a skateboard .
a man doing tricks on a skateboard .
a man and a woman are helping each other .
a group of people are playing volleyball .
a woman lifting weights .
a man is sitting on a bench .
a man is standing next to a woman with a backpack .
a tourist takes a picture of a tourist .
a woman lifting weights .
a man takes a picture of a man taking a picture .
two men looking at a gate .
construction workers having a conversation .
people are looking at machinery .
two men are sitting on a bench .
two men sleeping on a bench .
two men wearing hats are sitting on a bench .
two people are walking down the street .
a baseball player looking at the ball .
a baseball player is trying to catch the ball .
a baseball player is playing with a ball .
a baseball player takes a swing .
a baseball player in a blue shirt is playing with a ball .
a view of a bus .
a woman is cleaning a bus .
a group of people on a bus .
a large white bus drives down the road .
a woman is hitting a bus .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a boat in the water .
a lone boat in the water .
a group of people walking down the street .
the surfer is riding a wave .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a boat .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in a boat .
a young man in a blue shirt is preparing food in a bowl .
a young man in a blue shirt is preparing food in a bowl .
a young man in a blue shirt is preparing food in a bowl .
a young man in a white shirt is standing in a kitchen .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants is sitting at a sink .
a little girl is playing in the water .
a man and a woman are playing video games .
a group of people are playing video games .
three people are playing on a couch .
three people are playing a card game .
three people are sitting on a couch in a living room .
a group of people are sitting on a couch .
two people are sitting on a couch .
a tan couch with a tan couch in the background .
a woman is sitting at a table and drinking coffee .
the image of the image of the image of an apartment .
a little girl is running down the street .
a man and a woman are posing for a picture .
a young child watches as a young child watches .
three children are playing soccer .
a red gate with a gate .
a gate in the snow .
a gate in the snow .
a gate in a gate .
a gate with a gate .
there are trees in the background .
a horse in the forest .
two horses are riding horses .
several people are walking through the woods .
two horses are riding horses .
a man is holding a drink .
an asian man and a woman are sitting on a laptop with a drink .
a bicyclist is riding in front of a building .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table .
a person in a white shirt is giving a picture of a bicycle .
a swimmer in a blue cap is racing down the street .
a child walks down the street .
an asian man reading a book .
a woman in a red dress is walking down a sidewalk .
a little girl is playing at a playground .
a man is riding a train .
a child rides a bike in the woods .
a little boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench .
a man in a blue shirt is running with a ball .
a young boy in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
two men with guns in the background .
a group of people are fighting .
two men are performing at an event .
two men stand in front of a crowd .
a group of people are fighting .
a swimmer is competing in a bowling alley .
two children are riding scooters .
a dog runs through the water .
a dog runs through the snow .
a woman is reading a book .
a dog is jumping into the water .
three children are playing in a fountain .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a stool .
a man and a woman are sitting in a store .
three people are sitting on cement steps .
three girls are walking in a basketball game .
a group of young girls are walking down the street .
three girls are walking along the sidewalk .
a soccer player in a red shirt is holding a ball .
a man in a blue shirt talking to another man .
two men standing outside of a building .
three men , one in a black shirt and one in a white shirt , are standing in front of a building .
a man is sitting at a desk at a desk .
a man in a blue shirt is typing at a desk .
an older man working with two computers .
a man sits at a desk at a desk .
two women walking down the street .
a little girl is holding flowers .
a young boy is playing basketball .
a group of people are sitting on a bench .
a man is sitting on a bench .
four men and a woman are playing in the bleachers .
a child in a red coat is standing in the snow .
a man in glasses holds a wooden mixer .
an older man is posing for a picture .
a man is standing next to a plate of bowling pins .
a man in a blue shirt and blue pants is bowling .
an old man poses in front of pins .
an older man is posing for a picture .
a man in a blue shirt stands next to a wooden bowl .
a man is standing in front of a microphone .
a man is standing in front of a large plate .
two older men are walking through a field .
two people at an amusement park ride .
two dogs play in the snow .
two people are playing soccer .
a racer gets ready to throw a trophy .
two older men are walking down the street .
a woman holding a red flag .
a soccer player in a red jersey is getting ready for the crowd .
a woman is giving a marathon in a marathon .
two older men , one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt , the other in an orange shirt , are sitting on a green rug .
a man is rollerblading down the street .
a group of people are standing on grass .
two dogs play in the snow .
soldiers playing baseball .
two guys are playing baseball .
three soldiers are playing basketball .
two military men are playing baseball .
a group of men are playing basketball .
a race race .
two people are sitting on a couch .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
a boy in jeans and a blue shirt jumps in the air .
a person is standing on the mountains .
a camel leads a camel race .
young children play in the water .
a dog is jumping in the air .
a girl rides a unicycle .
two men standing in a field .
a man in a baseball uniform throwing a baseball .
two men , one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a black shirt , are standing on a sidewalk .
two football players getting ready for the ball .
two men are playing baseball .
a group of young people are riding bicycles .
a young girl is riding a unicycle .
a man standing on top of a pole .
a group of children are playing in the snow .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a guitar .
a musician playing a guitar .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a musician playing a guitar .
five farmers picking up trash in a pile of garbage .
a dog runs through the grass .
two men are standing on a farm .
two farmers in a field of hay .
a group of people in a field .
a group of farmers working together .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
three boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are playing a game at a baseball game .
three boys are standing in a field .
a group of people are walking down the street .
a group of children are sitting on a bench .
three young boys , one wearing a black shirt and one in a black shirt , are sitting on a
a group of children are playing in the snow .
two men are playing soccer .
a man in a white shirt playing the accordion .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
firefighters are trying to pull a red car .
a group of people are looking at the water .
two children play in the sand .
children playing in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is picking up vegetables .
a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is sitting in water .
a man in a blue shirt is pulling an apple .
a man in a blue shirt is handing fruit in a plastic bin .
a man and a woman are dressed in heavy clothing .
a group of people laying on the floor .
a group of women are making faces .
three dancers in costumes are lying on the floor .
a man is holding a saxophone .
a man is walking through the water .
a person in a green jacket is walking through the woods .
a man is walking in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in the water .
